EN: Last week, the broadcast of period drama “Beauty Private Kitchen” was temporarily halted, and accidentally triggered heated debate about faked ratings of locally produced dramas.
ZH_REF: 上周，古装剧《美人私房菜》临时停播，意外引发了关于国产剧收视率造假的热烈讨论。
ZH_HYP: 上周,在“美容厨房”的广播暂时停止了,并意外引发了关于当地生产的戏剧的激烈辩论。

EN: Civil rights group issues travel warning for Missouri
ZH_REF: 民权团体针对密苏里州发出旅行警告
ZH_HYP: 民权团体对密苏里州的旅行警告

EN: The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has put out an alert for people of color traveling to Missouri because of the state's discriminatory policies and racist attacks.
ZH_REF: 由于密苏里州的歧视性政策和种族主义袭击，美国有色人种促进协会 (NAACP) 向准备前往密苏里州出游的有色人群发出旅行警告。
ZH_HYP: 国家提高彩色人民协会协会因国家政策和种族主义攻击而向密苏里州旅游者提供了警戒。

EN: A recent Missouri law making it harder for people to win discrimination lawsuits, as well as the state's law enforcement disproportionately targeting minorities prompted the group to issue the travel alert, the NAACP said.
ZH_REF: NAACP 指出，最近通过的一项密苏里州法律使得人们更难赢得歧视诉讼，该州执法也一定程度上针对少数群体，这些现象促使该组织发布了旅行警告。
ZH_HYP: 纳acp说,最近的密苏里州法律使得人们更难赢得歧视诉讼,以及国家针对少数群体的执法执法的行为。

EN: "You have violations of civil rights that are happening to people.
ZH_REF: 侵犯公民权利的行为正发生在人们身上。
ZH_HYP: "你有侵犯民权的行为。

EN: They're being pulled over because of their skin color, they're being beaten up or killed," the president of the Missouri NAACP, Rod Chapel, told The Kansas City Star.
ZH_REF: 他们因肤色被停车盘问，被殴打或被杀害，”密苏里州 NAACP 主席罗德·查培尔告诉堪萨斯城星报 (The Kansas City Star)。
ZH_HYP: 他们被拉拉的的总统在堪萨斯城星星的,他们被被殴打或杀害。

EN: "We are hearing complaints at a rate we haven't heard before."
ZH_REF: “我们收到了许多投诉，数量前所未有。”
ZH_HYP: “我们听到的是,我们听到的意见。

EN: It is the first such warning that the organization has issued for a state in the US.
ZH_REF: 这是该组织在美国针对某个州发布的第一个此类警告。
ZH_HYP: 这是本组织在美国的的第一个警告。

EN: The group cited incidents such as racial slurs against black students at the University of Missouri and the death of Tory Sanders, 28, a black man from Tennessee.
ZH_REF: 该组织援引了密苏里大学对黑人学生的种族诽谤以及 28 岁田纳西州黑人男性托利·桑德斯的死亡事件。
ZH_HYP: 该小组列举了密苏里大学黑人学生的种族,以及来自田纳西州的黑德桑德斯的死亡。

EN: Sanders died under questionable circumstances earlier this year after he ran out of gas while traveling through the state, and was taken into custody by Missouri police without being accused of a crime.
ZH_REF: 今年早些时候，桑德斯在可疑情况下死亡。他在密苏里州旅行时燃油耗尽，被密苏里州警方在无指控犯罪的情况下拘留。
ZH_HYP: 桑德斯今年早些时候在在国家旅行时,在他在国家的途中被密苏里州警察拘留,密苏里州警察被指控犯有罪行。

EN: The advisory also points to a recent report by the Missouri Attorney General's Office showing that black drivers in the state were 75 percent more likely to be pulled over than whites.
ZH_REF: 咨询中还指出，密苏里州总检察长办公室最近的一份报告显示，“与白人相比，该州的黑人司机被停车盘查的可能性要高出 75%”。
ZH_HYP: 咨询还指出,密苏里州总检察长办公室最近的一份报告显示,国家的黑人司机比白人的75%。

EN: "The advisory is for people to be aware, and warn their families and friends and co-workers of what could happen in Missouri," Chapel said.
ZH_REF: 查培尔说：“该份咨询是为了提高人们的意识，警告他们的家人、朋友和同事在密苏里州可能发生的情况。”
ZH_HYP: “咨询是让人们了解,并警告他们的家人和朋友和同事们,在密苏里州发生的事情。

EN: "People need to be ready, whether it's bringing bail money with them, or letting relatives know they are traveling through the state."
ZH_REF: “人们需要做好准备，无论是携带保释金前往密苏里州，还是让亲属知道自己在州内旅行”。
ZH_HYP: “人们需要准备好,不管他们把保释金,或者让亲戚们知道他们正在通过国家旅行。”

EN: Missouri recorded 100 hate crimes in 2015, according to the latest figures from the FBI's hate crime reporting program, ranking the state at 16th in the country in terms of the number of such violations.
ZH_REF: 根据联邦调查局仇恨犯罪报告计划的最新数据，密苏里州在 2015 年记录了 100 起仇恨罪行；根据罪行量，该州在全国排名第 16 位。
ZH_HYP: 根据美国联邦调查局仇恨犯罪报告方案的最新数据,密苏里州的100起仇恨犯罪,在国家在16位,在国家的16位。

EN: The travel warning is also a response to a new Missouri law that would make it more difficult to sue a business for housing or employment discrimination.
ZH_REF: 旅行警告也是对密苏里州新法律的回应，该法律将使起诉住房或就业歧视企业变得更加困难。
ZH_HYP: 旅行警告也是对新密苏里州法律的回应,这将使更难对住房或就业歧视进行起诉。

EN: Previously, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) had issued travel advisories for Texas and Arizona after the states passed immigration enforcement laws requiring local law enforcement to detain people on immigration violations which the ACLU said would increase racial profiling.
ZH_REF: 此前，美国各州通过了移民执法法律，要求当地执法部门拘留移民违规人员，美国公民自由联盟 (ACLU) 表示此举会增加种族诉讼数量，并发布了针对德克萨斯州和亚利桑那州的旅行咨询。
ZH_HYP: 美国公民自由联盟(acuu)在美国通过了《移民执法法》,要求地方执法将移民执法执法的执法法,将移民执法,而该法律规定,将增加种族种族定性。

EN: Travel warnings are usually issued by the State Department for other countries, but lately, advocacy groups have resorted to the measure in response to certain laws and trends inside the US.
ZH_REF: 旅行警告通常是由美国政府针对其他国家发布的，但最近，咨询团体采取这一方式以应对美国境内的某些法律和趋势。
ZH_HYP: 旅行警告通常由国家其他国家发布,但最近最近,宣传团体针对美国内部的某些法律和趋势采取了措施。

EN: After experiencing the “golden era” of a soaring box office in 2015, the film market retreated into a cooling-off period in 2016. Whether box office takings could surpass last year’s total of RMB44.069 billion is questionable.
ZH_REF: 经历2015年票房猛增的“黄金时代”后，2016年整体电影市场进入了冷静期，能否突破去年440.69亿元的总票房成绩都成为一个悬念。
ZH_HYP: 2015年,电影市场在经历了“黄金时代”,,2016年,电影市场出现了一个冷却期,是否超过去年的44.069亿元人民币的问题。

EN: Data from the National Bureau of Statistics revealed that in October, prices of new and second-hand residential properties cooled, up 0.6% and 1.1% month-on-month, respectively.
ZH_REF: 从国家统计局公布的数据看，10月，北京新房和二手房价格双双降温，环比仅上涨0.6%和1.1%。
ZH_HYP: 国家统计局的数据显示,10月份,新的和二手住宅物业的价格降幅为0.6%和1.1%。

EN: Lupekscu, the current Chief Technology Officer of UEFA, made a technical report on the 2016 UEFA Euro and the last season of European Champions League at the meeting.
ZH_REF: 现任欧足联首席技术官的卢佩斯库在本次大会上做了一份关于2016年欧锦赛以及上赛季欧冠联赛的技术报告。
ZH_HYP: 欧洲足联目前的首席技术官卢佩克库在会上发表了一份关于2016年欧洲欧洲冠军联赛的技术报告。

EN: BBC claims that Beijing has become the most exciting city: making foreigners feel like “living in a new age”
ZH_REF: BBC称北京成最激动人心城市：让老外感觉“生活在新时代”
ZH_HYP: bbc声称北京已经成为最令人激动的城市:让外国人感到“生活在新时代”

EN: Reference News Network reported on January 18 that the British media organization has noticed that Beijing is rapidly transforming into a glamorous modern city in spite of the fact that it is 3000 years old.
ZH_REF: 参考消息网1月18日报道英媒称，北京或许有三千年的悠久历史，但它也在迅速变身为今天的现代魅力都市。
ZH_HYP: 参考新闻网1月18日报道,英国媒体组织注意到,尽管北京已经3000年历史,但北京正在迅速转变为一个迷人的现代化城市。

EN: The Chinese capital is interconnected by amazingly high-speed Internet and has implemented cutting-edge technologies such as face recognition. It has invested heavily in artificial intelligence and has an unmatched capacity of internationalization. It is one of the most exciting cities for foreigners who are eager to explore the world.
ZH_REF: 这座中国首都拥有速度高得惊人的互联网，有人脸识别软件等尖端技术，在人工智能方面投入了巨资并且拥有无可匹敌的国际化能量，它对富于探索精神的外国人而言是最激动人心的城市之一。
ZH_HYP: 中国资本因高速互联网的高速发展而相互关联,并实施了先进技术,如面面识别,并拥有国际化的能力,是最热衷于探索世界的外国人的最。

EN: According to a report on the BBC website on January 16, the German expatriate Clemens Sage said: 'If I can succeed there, I can succeed anywhere.' He quoted a song written by singer Frank Sinatra to praise New York City.
ZH_REF: 据英国广播公司网站1月16日报道，德国侨民克莱门斯·塞希说：“如果我能在那儿成功，我以后在任何地方都能成功。”他引用的是歌手弗兰克·西纳特拉歌颂纽约市的歌词。
ZH_HYP: 据bbc网站1月16日报道,德国外交部网站的报道,德国外的克莱门斯·斯门斯说:“如果我能成功,我可以在任何地方取得成功。

EN: According to reports, the city's high-quality, high-speed Internet and technology-friendly environment make everyday life easier than ever before.
ZH_REF: 报道称，这座城市优质高速的互联网和对技术友好的环境使日常生活比以往任何时候都更容易。
ZH_HYP: 据报道,这座城市的高质量、高速的互联网和技术友好的环境使日常生活变得比以往任何时候都更加容易。

EN: Beijing recently announced plans to invest 13.8 billion yuan in the construction of an artificial intelligence technology park. When it is completed, more than 400 companies will settle there. They will focus on the development of artificial intelligence technologies ranging from biometrics to self-driving cars.
ZH_REF: 北京最近还宣布计划斥资138亿元人民币修建一个人工智能科技园，建成后将有逾400家企业在那里落户，它们将专注于开发从生物测定到自动驾驶汽车的各种人工智能技术。
ZH_HYP: 北京最近宣布计划投资138亿元人民币,用于人工智能技术,,400家公司将重点关注发展人工智能技术,包括生物技术、自汽车等。

EN: Food plays a central role in China’s many major traditional festivals. Foreigners are enthusiastic about these festivals. The Spring Festival is the most important festival in both social and economic sense, and it is also one of the most enjoyable festivals for foreigners.
ZH_REF: 食品也是中国历年诸多重大节日的核心，参加这些庆祝活动受到外国人的推崇，春节是最重要的社会和经济节日，也是外国人最容易参与的节日之一。
ZH_HYP: 在中国的传统传统节中,食品在中国的许多重要的节日中发挥着重要的作用,而春节是社会和经济意义上最重要的节日。

EN: According to reports, a large number of foreigners are living in Beijing and the number is growing. However, the language barrier and the convenience of exchanges between the expatriates can easily become excuses for not fully integrating into the local culture.
ZH_REF: 报道称，北京的外国人数量众多而且在不断增长，但中国的语言障碍以及侨民之间交流的便利很容易成为他们不完全融入当地文化的借口。
ZH_HYP: 据报道,大量外国人居住在北京,而人数在增长,但是,语言障碍和侨居者交流的方便就很容易成为不完全融入当地文化的借口。

EN: Sage said: 'Some foreigners have lived in China for many years, but they have little experience with their host country. If your initial attempt to interact with the Chinese is not successful, then it is easy for you to feel more comfortable with other foreigners.
ZH_REF: 塞希说：“一些外国人已经在中国生活多年，但对他们的东道国几乎没有什么体验。如果你最初接触中国人的尝试不算成功，那么你很容易有还是与其他外国人相处更容易的感觉。
ZH_HYP: sage说:“有些外国人多年来在中国生活了很多年,但他们与中国人的经验没有经验,那么你就很容易与其他外国人一起感到。

EN: The easiest way to overcome problem is to learn a little bit of Mandarin – something easier than one might think.
ZH_REF: 克服这一点最简单的办法就是学习一点普通话——这比人们可能想象的要简单。
ZH_HYP: 克服问题的最简单的方法就是学习一点比容易。

EN: Sage said: “One or two hours of private lessons in Chinese every week or learning entry-level radio dramas should suit everyone’s busy schedule.”
ZH_REF: 塞希说：“每周上一两个小时的中文私教课或者学习入门级的广播剧应该会适合每个人的忙碌日程。”
ZH_HYP: sage说:“每一个或两个小时的私人课课或学习级的收音机都应该适合每个人的忙碌的日程。”

EN: Even learning a few classic phrases will help with shopping, ordering a meal in a restaurant, or chatting on a taxi.
ZH_REF: 哪怕学几句经典的短句也会对购物、在餐馆订餐或是在出租车上闲聊有帮助。
ZH_HYP: 即使是在一些经典的短语,也会帮助购物,在餐馆里吃饭。

EN: According to reports, persistent air pollution is also a fact of daily life, but the government has tried to curb pollution in recent years.
ZH_REF: 报道称，顽固的空气污染也是日常生活中的一个事实，不过近年来的政府努力遏制了一些问题。
ZH_HYP: 据报道,持续的空气污染也是日常生活的一个事实。

EN: Residents emphasize that outdoor activities are very important in warm months when pollution is often light. It is important to consider those blue sky days as opportunities for rambling in ancient encryptors or exploring the popular Ritan Park.
ZH_REF: 居民们强调，在污染往往较轻的温暖月份里到户外活动很重要，要把那些蓝天日当作在历史悠久的胡同里徜徉或是探索备受欢迎的日坛公园的机会。
ZH_HYP: 居民强调,在污染往往是光的的几个月,,户外活动是很重要的。

EN: Norton said: "Beijing is a Chinese city that one can find most things below the surface. You can find very good arts and music activities, indulgent nightlife, historical wonders, ultra-modern business districts and ancient hutong areas."
ZH_REF: 诺顿说：“北京是能在表面以下发现最多东西的中国城市，你能发现很不错的艺术和音乐活动、纵情的夜生活、历史奇观、超现代的商业区和古老的胡同区。”
ZH_HYP: 诺顿说:“北京是一个中国城市,你可以发现最能找到最多的东西,你可以找到非常好的艺术和音乐活动,沉溺的夜区和古胡同区。

EN: The report believed that the hindrance to growth in human capital as a result of aging has become increasingly apparent. This was particularly the case in the Northeast, where the annual average contribution of aging to human capital growth was -1.28%.
ZH_REF: 报告认为，老龄化对人力资本增长的阻碍作用日益明显，尤其在东北地区，老龄化对人力资本增长的年均贡献率为-1.28%。
ZH_HYP: 报告认为,由于老化而导致人力资本增长的增长,在东北地区尤为如此,年平均年老的平均贡献为1.28%。

EN: Pan Gongsheng said that the present of risk of cross-border capital flows can be controlled. The fundamental factors underpinning international balance of payments will still exist over the longer term.
ZH_REF: 潘功胜指出，目前跨境资本流动风险可控，支撑国际收支平衡的根本性因素仍然长期存在。
ZH_HYP: 潘公平说,目前跨境资本流动风险的控制,国际国际国际收支平衡的基础因素。

EN: In April this year, the European Commission accused Google of coercing mobile phone manufacturers into installing software such as the Google search engine and Chrome web browser, or they would not be allowed to use other Google applications.
ZH_REF: 欧盟委员会今年4月指控谷歌强迫手机厂商预装谷歌搜索和Chrome浏览器等软件，否则便不允许其使用其他谷歌应用。
ZH_HYP: 今年4月,欧盟委员会指责谷歌将手机制造商谷歌搜索引擎和chrome浏览器等软件安装在软件,否则他们不会允许他们使用其他谷歌的谷歌应用程序。

EN: The European Commission believed that this harmed consumer interests and hindered competition.
ZH_REF: 欧盟委员会认为此举有损消费者的利益，并且阻碍了竞争。
ZH_HYP: 欧盟委员会认为,这损害了消费者利益,并阻碍了竞争。

EN: EU regulators initially requested that Google make a response prior to July 27.
ZH_REF: 欧盟监管者最初要求谷歌在7月27日之前作出回应。
ZH_HYP: 欧盟监管机构最初要求谷歌在7月27日之前做出回应。

EN: If found guilty of violating antitrust rules, Google could face a maximum fine of 10% of its global turnover, or approximately US$7.4 billion.
ZH_REF: 倘若反垄断罪名成立，谷歌最高面临其全球营收10%的罚款，约为74亿美元。
ZH_HYP: 如果发现有违反反垄断规则的,谷歌可能面临最大的罚款,即约74亿美元。

EN: Google has not made immediate comment on this.
ZH_REF: 谷歌尚未立刻对此置评。
ZH_HYP: 谷歌没有立即就此发表评论。

EN: Google also faced EU investigations over giving prominent placement to its own shopping services in search results.
ZH_REF: 谷歌还因为在搜索结果中偏向自家购物服务而面临欧盟的调查。
ZH_HYP: 谷歌还面临着调查,将其提供给自己的购物服务。

EN: Zhang Yuning's stay-abroad is a real one. It can be said that his achievement of “jumping level” from the national youth to the national Olympics is by no means accidental, and his leap-forward growth is still surprising.
ZH_REF: 张玉宁的留洋是实打实的，可以说他实现从国青到国奥的“跳级”并不是偶然的，而他飞跃成长的幅度依然令人惊讶。
ZH_HYP: 张云在国外是个真正的,可以说他实现“从国家青年跳跃”的”,他的飞跃增长仍然令人惊讶。

EN: Understand through a picture: Bitcoin's legal status around the world
ZH_REF: 一张图看懂：比特币在世界各地的法律地位
ZH_HYP: 了解图片:比特币在全世界的法律地位

EN: Abstract: A part from the price correction which is natural in speculation, the current round of digital currency tumble has also to do with the 'sworn enemy'—regulation.
ZH_REF: 摘要：除了投机属性天然引发的价格回调，本轮数字货币惨跌也与“宿敌”——监管风险不无关系。
ZH_HYP: 文摘:从投机中自然的的价格,当前的数字货币暴跌也与““宣誓”的关系。

EN: From the visualized maps, the attitude of the eastern countries towards Bitcoin is more conservative than that of the West. Most countries in the world are still indecisive about the legitimacy of digital currencies, indicating that the “risk of the black swan” is still looming large.
ZH_REF: 从可视化地图看，东方国家对比特币的态度比西方更为保守，占全球主体的国家仍在观望数字货币合法性，代表“黑天鹅风险”依旧很大。
ZH_HYP: 从视觉化的地图来看,东方国家对比比特币的态度更加保守,世界上大多数国家对数字货币的合法性仍是不优待的。

EN: *This article is taken from Wallstreetcn (WeChat ID: wallstreetcn), editor Wang Mu. For more exciting information, visit wallstreetcn.com or download the Wallstreetcn APP. *
ZH_REF: *本文来自华尔街见闻（微信ID：wallstreetcn），编辑王穆。更多精彩资讯请登陆wallstreetcn.com，或下载华尔街见闻APP。*
ZH_HYP: *这篇文章是wallstreetcn(wwechnetcn),wangmiangmi..com或下载wallstreetcn。

EN: A part from the price correction which is natural in speculation, the current round of digital currency tumble has also to do with the 'sworn enemy'—regulation.
ZH_REF: 除了投机属性天然引发的价格回调，本轮数字货币惨跌也与一直以来的“宿敌”——监管风险不无关系。
ZH_HYP: 从投机中自然的的价格,当前的数字货币暴跌也与““宣誓”的关系。

EN: At this important juncture, HowMuch.net, a visualization big data website, produced a map showing the legitimacy of Bitcoin and regulation measure in place in countries around the world.
ZH_REF: 在这个重要的关口，可视化大数据网站HowMuch.net制作了一份图谱，展现比特币在全球各国的合法性地位和受监管程度。
ZH_HYP: 在这个重要关头,,一个可视化的大数据网站,了一份图,说明了bit币的合法性和管制措施。

EN: (The above figure was drawn by the HowMuch.Net visualization team on January 15th)
ZH_REF: （上图来自HowMuch.Net可视化团队在1月15日制图）
ZH_HYP: (上述图是由1月15日的)

EN: The article points out that from the distribution of non-green color patches in the graph, it can be seen that the oriental countries in the traditional sense are more conservative towards Bitcoin than the West.
ZH_REF: 文章指出，从图中非绿色的色块分布可以看出，传统意义上的东方国家对比特币的态度比西方更为保守。
ZH_HYP: 文章指出,从非绿色色色斑块分布图中,可以看出,传统意义上的东方国家比比比比比比比特币更保守。

EN: Russia is currently the largest country that defines Bitcoin as illegal. China is one of the largest restricted markets for Bitcoin. India is one of the largest countries that have not commented on Bitcoin and have not made relevant policies.
ZH_REF: 俄罗斯是目前定义比特币为非法的最大国家，中国是比特币最大的受限市场之一，印度是对比特币尚不予置评、还没有出台相关政策的最大国家之一。
ZH_HYP: 俄罗斯目前是最大的币币币的最大国家,中国是比特币最大的市场之一,印度是印度是没有对特币的评论的国家之一。

EN: North America and Western Europe are the regions that have highest level of tolerance to Bitcoin i.e. where green patches are concentrated.
ZH_REF: 北美和西欧是对比特币接受程度最高的地区，即绿色块的分布更为集中。
ZH_HYP: 北美和西欧是比特币的地区,即绿色补丁的地方。

EN: The views of the countries in the Middle East and Latin America on Bitcoin are clearly divided, so, the distribution of color patches in these areas is more mixed.
ZH_REF: 中东和拉丁美洲各国对比特币的看法呈现明显分化，上述地区的色块分布更为混杂。
ZH_HYP: 中东和拉丁美洲国家对比特币的观点显然是分化的。

EN: Among them, Iraq, Iran, Turkey and Brazil are all legitimate Bitcoin markets. Afghanistan, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, and Bolivia have some restrictions on the trading and use of Bitcoin. Most Latin American countries have not made any comments about Bitcoin.
ZH_REF: 其中伊拉克、伊朗、土耳其、巴西都是合法的比特币市场，阿富汗、巴基斯坦、沙特、埃及、玻利维亚等对其交易和使用有一定程度的限制，更多的拉美国家对比特币还没有发声。
ZH_HYP: 其中,伊拉克、伊朗、土耳其和巴西都是合法的币股市场,阿富汗、巴基斯坦、沙特阿拉伯、埃及和玻利维亚对贸易和使用都有一些限制。

EN: From the above data, it can be seen that of the 246 countries that have been rated, a total of 99 countries (or 40% of the total) haven't imposed any restrictions on the transactions and use of Bitcoin. They are represented by green and orange patches.
ZH_REF: 综合上述数据可知，在全球受统计的246个国家中，共有99个国家（或占比40%）对比特币的交易和使用不施加限制，即绿色和橘黄色的地区。
ZH_HYP: 从上述数据来看,可以看出,在246个国家中,总共99个国家(占总数的40%)没有对交易和使用交易和使用施加任何限制。

EN: Seven countries (or 3%) are restricted markets (pale pink), 10 countries (or 4%) have defined Bitcoin as illegal (dark pink), and 130 countries (or 53) %) haven't given comments on digital currency (grey).
ZH_REF: 有7个国家（或占比3%）是受限市场（淡粉色），有10个国家（或占比4%）定义比特币为非法（深粉色），有130个国家（或占比53%）还没有更多的对待数字货币信息（灰色）。
ZH_HYP: 7个国家(或3%)是市场(淡红色),10个国家(或4%)将bit币定为非法(暗色),130个国家(或53

EN: The article believes that global regulators have not fully understood the digital currency as a new type of currency. This may be the main reason why most countries have not chosen a stance.
ZH_REF: 文章认为，全球监管机构对数字货币这个新兴类别还没有完全理解，可能是大部分国家还没有作出表态的主要原因。
ZH_HYP: 文章认为,全球监管机构没有充分理解数字货币作为一种新的货币,这可能是大多数国家没有选择的立场的主要原因。

EN: Although Bitcoin’s popularity has grown exponentially since last year, it does not necessarily mean that all countries are interested in it. It's probably that some countries are concerned that the local currency may be undermined by digital currencies or that digital currencies are used by criminal organizations.
ZH_REF: 尽管比特币的“人气”自去年以来呈指数级增长，并不代表所有国家都感兴趣，可能有些国家担心当地法币因此受到威胁，或更担心数字货币被犯罪组织利用。
ZH_HYP: 尽管比特币的流行率自去年以来就已经增长,但这并不意味着所有国家都有兴趣,但可能是一些国家担心,货币可能被数字货币货币或数字货币。

EN: The act of questioning the legal status of Bitcoin by big countries such as Russia is actually meant to make way for the official issuance of digital currencies.
ZH_REF: 俄罗斯等大国批评比特币合法性地位的做法，其实也是为了给官方发行数字货币让路。
ZH_HYP: 俄罗斯等大型国家质疑比特币的法律地位的行为是为了为官方发行数字货币的官方发行。

EN: On January 8th, the Barcelona new aid Philippe Coutinho showed up for the first time in Camp Nou with his Barcelona shirt, the Xinhua News Agency reported in Madrid by reporter Xie Yuzhi.
ZH_REF: 新华社马德里1月8日电（报道员谢宇智）巴塞罗那新援库蒂尼奥8日在诺坎普首次身披巴萨球衣亮相。
ZH_HYP: 据新华社报道,1月8日,巴塞罗那新的新的新华社报道,在巴罗那的巴塞罗那衬衫上首次出现了巴塞罗那衬衫。

EN: Coutinho passed a physical examination of Barcelona early that morning and signed with Barcelona president Bartomeu a contract that will expire in the summer of 2023.
ZH_REF: 库蒂尼奥当日上午通过了巴萨的体检，并与巴萨主席巴托梅乌在一份将于2023年夏天到期的合同上签了字。
ZH_HYP: 在今天早上,莫蒂尼奥通过了巴塞罗那的物理检查,并与巴塞罗那总统巴托·巴托签订了一份合同。

EN: Then he appeared in the face of nearly 7,000 Camp Nou fans as a Barcelona player.
ZH_REF: 随后他作为巴萨球员，在诺坎普近7000名球迷面前亮相。
ZH_HYP: 他他出现在将近7000个露营的球迷面前。

EN: According to a Spanish media, Coutinho's transfer fee may amount to 160 million euros (1 euro≈ 1.77 Chinese yuan), being the highest paid player in the history of Barcelona and La Liga.
ZH_REF: 据西班牙媒体透露，库蒂尼奥的转会费总额或达到1.6亿欧元（1欧元约合7.77元人民币），是巴萨俱乐部及西甲历史第一身价。
ZH_HYP: 据西班牙媒体报道,莫蒂蒂霍的转会费可能达1.6亿欧元(1欧元1.77欧元),是巴塞罗那和西班牙历史上的最高球员。

EN: As Coutinho is still injured at the moment, he still need recuperate for nearly 20 days before ushering in his debut in the Barcelona shirt.
ZH_REF: 由于眼下库蒂尼奥仍有伤在身，他还需休整近20日才能迎来自己身披巴萨球衣的处子秀。
ZH_HYP: 由于库蒂尼奥目前还受伤,他还需要在他的的布那衬衫上的亮点。

EN: Is nothing sacred?
ZH_REF: 还有什么神圣的东西？
ZH_HYP: 难道是神圣的?

EN: Now Trump's White House is targeting the Statue of Liberty
ZH_REF: 现在特朗普的白宫正在瞄准自由女神像
ZH_HYP: 现在,特朗普的白宫正将其目标为目标

EN: The surest mark of regime change is when they start attacking the statues.
ZH_REF: 政权更迭最确定的标志是他们开始攻击雕像之时。
ZH_HYP: 政权的最可靠的是是当他们开始攻击雕像.

EN: Americans appreciate this as well as anyone - hence the carefully stage-manged toppling of Saddam Hussein in Firdos square in Baghdad in 2003.
ZH_REF: 美国人和任何人一样都赞同这一点。 因此，2003 年巴格达天堂广场的萨达姆?侯赛因被精心策划地推倒了。
ZH_HYP: 美国人欣赏这一点,也是如此,因此,2003年在巴格达的菲尔德广场的萨达姆广场的了一个精心的的。

EN: Stephen Miller, one of the key ideologues of the Trump regime, surely knew what he was doing when he took a symbolic axe to the Statue of Liberty in a heated argument with CNN's Jim Acosta over the president's proposals to drastically limit legal immigration.
ZH_REF: 斯蒂芬?米勒 (Stephen Miller) 作为特朗普政府的关键智囊之一，在与美国有线电视新闻网 (CNN) 的吉姆?阿科斯塔 (Jim Acosta) 就总统关于严格限制合法移民的提议进行激烈争论时,他肯定知道自己对自由女神像砍出象征性的一斧会发生什么事情。
ZH_HYP: 特朗普政权的主要思想之一之一,斯蒂芬·米勒(stephenmiller)在与cnn的吉姆·acostta)的激烈争论中,他的建议,他他的

EN: In fairness, Miller did not attack the statue itself.
ZH_REF: 公平地说，米勒并没有攻击雕像本身。
ZH_HYP: 公平的是,米勒没有攻击雕像本身。

EN: A horde of boat-trip owners and Liberty impersonators would have lynched him if he did.
ZH_REF: 如果他这样做了，那么一群游船业主和自由主义的追随者一定会将他生吞活剥。
ZH_HYP: 船主和自由的的船主和自由的人如果他做的话。

EN: But he did attack its meaning, and in particular the meaning ascribed to it when Emma Lazarus's famous poem was added to its base in 1903, 17 years after the monument itself was completed.
ZH_REF: 但是他确实攻击了塑像的意义，尤其是在 1903 年埃玛?拉撒路的着名诗歌被刻在基座上时（这座纪念碑在此后17年方建成）而具有的意义。
ZH_HYP: 但他确实攻击了其意义,特别是在1903年,艾玛·拉撒路德的著名诗被添加到了其基础之后。

EN: As Miller scolded Acosta: "I don't want to get off into a whole thing about history here, but the Statue of Liberty is ... a symbol of American liberty lighting the world.
ZH_REF: 正如米勒斥责阿科斯塔所说：“我不想在这里谈论历史的全部事实，但自由女神像是美国自由照亮世界的象征......。
ZH_HYP: 米勒举目地责备阿斯特阿:“我不想让整个历史上的历史,但自由的雕像是美国自由的象征。

EN: The poem that you're referring to, that was added later and is not part of the original Statue of Liberty."
ZH_REF: 你所指的那首诗，那是后来又加上去的，不是原始自由女神像的一部分。”
ZH_HYP: 你所提到的诗,后来又不是自由的自由雕像的一部分。

EN: Miller is factually correct, but as he put it himself, this is not really about history.
ZH_REF: 事实上，米勒是正确的，但是正如他自己所说的，这不是真正关于历史。
ZH_HYP: 米勒是正确的,但他自己自己,这并不是历史。

EN: There has never been a time when the "wretched refuse" has been more visible on our screens.
ZH_REF: 不存在“苦难的人拒绝”在我们的屏幕变得更刺眼的一刻。
ZH_HYP: 我们的屏幕上从来没有一个时间。

EN: Miller was not engaging in literary criticism - he was making it clear that these people are not welcome in Trump's USA.
ZH_REF: 米勒并没有从事过文学评论工作，他清楚地表明，这些人在特朗普时代的美国不会受到欢迎。
ZH_HYP: 米勒没有参与文学批评,他清楚地表明了这些人在美国的美国。

EN: This conflict about the meaning of a statue is part of a wider political and cultural war: it is really a conflict about the meaning of America.
ZH_REF: 这种关于雕像意义的冲突是更广泛的政治和文化战争的一部分：这实际上是与美国精神相冲突。
ZH_HYP: 这个关于雕像的含义的冲突是更广泛的政治和文化战争的一部分。

EN: Lazarus - and her friends who campaigned to place her words at the base after her death - knew very well that they were engaging in a highly political act.
ZH_REF: 拉扎鲁斯 (Lazarus) ，以及她的、在她去世后举行活动将她的诗句铭刻在基座上的朋友们，很清楚他们正在参与的行为具有高度政治性。
ZH_HYP: 拉撒路和她的朋友在死后将自己的话语放在基地,很清楚他们都很清楚,他们都很清楚。

EN: The sculpture was intended to mark the connections between French and American republicanism by representing in a well-worn classical trope, the female embodiment of Liberty.
ZH_REF: 该雕塑的目的是通过作为自由女神的女性化身的、古老的经典比喻来表达法国和美国共和主义之间的联系。
ZH_HYP: 雕塑是为了体现法国和美国共和主义之间的联系,代表着自由的的女性。

EN: Lazarus changed that meaning: in her poem the female figure is no longer abstract - she has a voice.
ZH_REF: 拉撒路改变了这个意思：在她的诗中，女性形象不再抽象,她要发声。
ZH_HYP: 拉撒路改变了这一意义:在她的诗歌中,女性的身材不再是抽象的。

EN: And she gives herself a very different name: Mother of Exiles.
ZH_REF: 她给自己起了一个非常不同的名字：流放之母。
ZH_HYP: 她给自己一个不同的名字:流亡者的母亲。

EN: The marrying of the poem to the image is a brilliant feminist coup and a devastating attack on American nativism.
ZH_REF: 这首诗与这幅画的结合是一场成功的女权主义政变,并且是对美国本土主义的毁灭性打击。
ZH_HYP: 这首诗与形象的是是一个辉煌的女权主义政变,是对美国本土主义的的攻击。

EN: And just as Lazarus changed the meaning of the statue, rightwingers have long wanted to change it back.
ZH_REF: 就像拉撒路改变雕像的意义一样，右翼者一直想要把它改回原意。
ZH_HYP: 正如拉撒路斯改变了雕像的意义,右翼就想把它换回。

EN: She is meant to be carrying the torch of liberty from the United States to the rest of the world.
ZH_REF: 她本意是将自由的火炬从美国带到世界的其他地方。
ZH_HYP: 她的意思是要从美国到世界其他地方。

EN: The torch is not to light the way to the United States."
ZH_REF: 火炬不是照亮美国的道路。”
ZH_HYP: 火炬不轻美国的路.

EN: Rather unusually, Limbaugh actually hit on something.
ZH_REF: 不同寻常的是，林博实际上被一些东西所打动。
ZH_HYP: 林肯,实际上是在某事。

EN: The meaning of the statue is entirely a matter of the angle of perception.
ZH_REF: 雕像的意义完全取决于认知的角度。
ZH_HYP: 雕像的意义完全是一个观念的问题.

EN: Lazarus's great imaginative act was to see it as it would be seen by exhausted, wretched but hopeful people on the decks of ships after long and often dreadful journeys.
ZH_REF: 拉撒路极富想象力的做法就是能够看到它。当疲惫的，可怜的但充满希望的人会在经过漫长而往往可怕的旅程后，可以在船甲板上看到它。
ZH_HYP: 拉撒路的伟大想象力行为是看到它,因为它是在经过漫长而又的又充满希望的人看到的船只的的。

EN: It is literally about seeing the world from the perspective of people seeking refuge and a chance to better their lives.
ZH_REF: 从表面上看，这涉及到那些寻求庇护、有机会改善生活的人们看待世界的角度问题。
ZH_HYP: 从从寻求庇护的人的角度来看,这是是真的。

EN: Her statue speaks back to them the words of hope and welcome they need to hear.
ZH_REF: 她的雕像向他们传达且需要他们听到的希望和欢迎的本意。
ZH_HYP: 她的雕像向他们说了希望,欢迎他们听到。

EN: And of course, this is not the perspective Miller and Trump want ever to recognise.
ZH_REF: 当然，这不是米勒和特朗普曾想要承认的观点。
ZH_HYP: 当然,这不是米勒和特朗普想要承认的。

EN: Their torch is meant not to light the way, but to inflame the hatreds that are their only source of power.
ZH_REF: 他们火炬不是为了照亮道路，而是为了点燃他们唯一力量来源的仇恨。
ZH_HYP: 他们的火炬不是轻点亮,而是为了激起他们唯一的力量的仇恨。

EN: In 2006, Sa Dingding, with her unique musical style, joined Universal Music Group, and became the first Chinese national to sign a contract with Universal Music Group’s headquarters in the UK.
ZH_REF: 2006年，萨顶顶凭借独特的音乐风格加盟环球唱片，成为与环球英国总部签约的第一个中国人。
ZH_HYP: 2006年,赛丁丁与她独特的音乐风格加入了世界音乐集团,成为成为首批与英国音乐集团总部签订合同的中国。

EN: World Championships 2017: Neil Black praises Scottish members of Team GB
ZH_REF: 2017 年世锦赛：尼尔?布莱克 (Neil Black) 高度表扬了英国国家队中的苏格兰队员
ZH_HYP: 2017年世界锦标赛:尼尔·黑格

EN: Eilidh Doyle recalls a time when only two Scots made the GB team
ZH_REF: 艾里德?多伊尔 (Eilidh Doyle) 回忆起当时英国国家队只有两名苏格兰人。
ZH_HYP: 伊利多尔回忆起了两苏格兰人的

EN: UK Athletics' performance director Neil Black says the 16-strong Scottish contingent in the World Championships squad will make "a massive contribution to the team."
ZH_REF: 英国田径协会执行主任尼尔?布莱克表示，世锦赛小组中的由 16 名强壮的苏格兰人组成的分队将对“国家队做出巨大贡献”。
ZH_HYP: 英国田径赛中的16名苏格兰苏格兰苏格兰队队中,16名苏格兰苏格兰队将为“对球队的巨大贡献”。

EN: A record number of Scottish athletes have been selected for London 2017, which starts on Friday.
ZH_REF: 被挑选参加于周五开幕的 2017 年伦敦田径世锦赛的苏格兰田运动员数量创下历史之最。
ZH_HYP: 2017年,伦敦的创纪录的苏格兰运动员人数创纪录。

EN: Black believes "there's something special evolving" in Scotland and UK athletics must learn from that.
ZH_REF: 布莱克认为，“苏格兰正取得非同寻常的发展”，英国田径运动员必须从中学习。
ZH_HYP: 布莱克认为苏格兰和英国田径运动必须从这一点上学习。

EN: "We embrace it and we're trying to understand it and we'll push on that until we work it out," Black said.
ZH_REF: “我们接受并设法理解这一点，而且我们会坚持下去直到我们取得成功 ”，布莱克说。
ZH_HYP: “我们拥抱,我们要想了解它,我们就会继续努力。

EN: "I speak to people in the Scottish Institute of Sport and they think it's something to do with what they've done.
ZH_REF: “我找苏格兰体育学院的的人员谈话。他们认为这与他们的作为有关。
ZH_HYP: 我和苏格兰体育研究所的人们,他们认为他们是做的事情。

EN: Scottish Athletics think it's something to do with what they've done.
ZH_REF: 苏格兰田径运动员认为这与他们的作为有关。
ZH_HYP: 苏格兰的田径运动认为,这与他们所做的事情。

EN: British athletics: it's something to do with what they've done.
ZH_REF: 英国田径协会认为这与他们的作为有关。
ZH_HYP: 英国田径:他们所做的事情是

EN: And the guy on the corner street, too.
ZH_REF: 就连街头人士也这么认为。
ZH_HYP: 还有那个街角街的那个人。

EN: Whatever the combination of circumstances, it's absolutely brilliant."
ZH_REF: 无论情况如何，这都是极其辉煌的。“
ZH_HYP: 不管情况如何,都是很的。

EN: Several of the Scottish athletes are medal contenders, including Laura Muir and Andrew Butchart - who will race against Sir Mo Farah in the 5,000m, while Eilidh Doyle was voted by the squad to be team captain.
ZH_REF: 多位苏格兰田径运动员是奖牌角逐者，包括劳拉?缪尔 (Laura Muir) 和安德鲁?布查特 (Andrew Butchart) ，他们将在 5,000 米与穆?法拉 (Mo Farah) 一比高低，而艾里德?多伊尔 (Eilidh Doyle) 则被小组选为队长。
ZH_HYP: 其中的一些苏格兰运动员是奖牌的选手,包括劳拉·穆尔和安德鲁·巴奇特(),他在5000米的比赛中,而伊利赫·多尔被

EN: "Eilidh is slightly modest.
ZH_REF: “艾里德有点谦虚。
ZH_HYP: ”艾丽特稍稍。

EN: Her captain's speech was incredible," says Black.
ZH_REF: 她的队长演讲真是令人难以置信 ”，布莱克说道。
ZH_HYP: 她的船长的讲话很难以置信。

EN: "A number of athletes, whether they were Scottish or wherever they live or train, walked out of that room feeling hugely proud and really motivated.
ZH_REF: “许多田径运动员员，无论他们是否为苏格兰人，或不论在何地生活或训练，走出房门都满怀自豪，干劲十足地走出房门。
ZH_HYP: “许多运动员,不管是苏格兰人还是他们住或训练,都走出了房间,感到非常自豪,而且真正有动力。

EN: The passion and real feeling that Eilidh naturally put into it were great."
ZH_REF: 艾里德自然投入的激情和真感情很不错。”
ZH_HYP: 艾丽特自然自然地投入它它的热情和真实感觉。

EN: The Commonwealth silver medallist, who will compete in the 400m hurdles at her fifth World Championships, says it's "incredible" 16 Scots are in the British team.
ZH_REF: 这名将在其第五次世锦赛中参加 400 米跨栏比赛的英联邦银牌得主表示，英国国家队中有 16 名苏格兰人，这是“令不可思议的”。
ZH_HYP: 这位英联邦银牌选手将在她第五个世界锦标赛中参加,他说,“难以置信”16苏格兰球队。

EN: Scotland's previous best total of athletes at the worlds was seven, achieved in 1983 and 2015.
ZH_REF: 此前，参加世界大赛的苏格兰田径运动员人数最多为7人，也就是 1983 年和2015年取得的参赛人数。
ZH_HYP: 苏格兰在1983年和2015年达到了7名。

EN: Middle-distance runner Muir is leading the way, having set five British and two European records in the past year.
ZH_REF: 中跑选手缪尔是领军人物。在过去一年中创她下了五项英国记录和两项欧洲纪录。
ZH_HYP: 中途中的米尔(())在过去一年中了五位英国和2个欧洲纪录。

EN: She will go in the 1500m and the 5,000m.
ZH_REF: 她将参加 1500 米和 5000 米项目比赛。
ZH_HYP: 她将在1500米和5000米。

EN: Chris O'Hare, who runs in the 1500m, is another Scot to watch, following a great season that included victory at the British Team trials and the Anniversary Games.
ZH_REF: 参加 1500 米项目比赛的克里斯?奥黑尔则是另一位值得关注的苏格兰选手，之前，她在赛季取得了很好的成绩，分别在英国国家对预选赛和奥运周年赛中获胜。
ZH_HYP: 在1500米的克里斯·欧雷(chriso'hare)是另一个苏格兰人,在一个包括在英国队的和周年纪念比赛中获胜的

EN: Doyle remembers her first world championships, when the only other Scot in the team was Lee McConnell.
ZH_REF: 多伊尔回想起她参加第一次世界锦标赛，当时队里唯一的另一名苏格兰人是李?麦康奈尔 (Lee McConnell) 。
ZH_HYP: 道尔记得她的第一支锦标赛,当时的唯一的苏格兰人是李麦克奈尔。

EN: The team captain says she's "hugely proud" of the fact so many of her compatriots have not only made the team, but, in some cases, will be challenging for medals and competing to make finals.
ZH_REF: 队长说，令她深感自豪的是，她的这么多同胞不但加入团队中，而且在一些情况下，还将挑战奖牌，角逐进入决赛。
ZH_HYP: 队长说,她对许多同胞不仅不仅是为了球队,而且在某些情况下,会成为奖牌和竞争决赛的挑战。

EN: "The special thing about being team captain is that it was voted for by the other members of the team, so that it was such a huge honour anyway but to know that your teammates have voted for you and chosen you made it extra-special for me," she added.
ZH_REF: “成为国家队队长的特别之处在于它是由国家队的其他队员投票选出的。因此，知道你的队友投票选你去争取极为不寻常的成就，无论如何，对我来说，这都是很大的荣幸”，她补充道。
ZH_HYP: 她说:“队长的特殊的是,是由球队的其他成员投票的,所以,你的球队的人都为你投了票,所以你知道你的队友为你投了了

EN: "Obviously, I'm very proud of all the Scots who've made the team.
ZH_REF: “当然，我为所有的苏格兰队员感到非常自豪。
ZH_HYP: “很显然,我对所有的球队都很骄傲。

EN: It just shows how far we've come.
ZH_REF: 这只是表明我们走了多远。
ZH_HYP: 它只是显示出我们的多远。

EN: And they're here as well-established athletes, athletes that are going to be looking to get on podiums.
ZH_REF: 而且他们都是这里的老牌田径运动员，即将朝荣登领奖台的目的迈进的田径运动员。
ZH_HYP: 他们在这里是一个好的运动员,他们将会在领台上。

EN: As for my captain's speech?
ZH_REF: 我的队长致辞如何？
ZH_HYP: 我的船长的演讲?

EN: Yeah, I think it went well.
ZH_REF: 嗯，我认为它非常棒。
ZH_HYP: 是的,我想它很好。

EN: I just drew on the fact that we're very lucky in this situation in that we've got a home World Championships.
ZH_REF: 我刚才参照这一事实，即在这种情况下，我们是非常幸运的，因为我们在主场举行世锦赛。
ZH_HYP: 我只是在这样的情况下,我们已经有了一个家世界冠军。

EN: So it's really just the importance of drawing on that home support and thriving on the fact that we're back at the Olympic Stadium.
ZH_REF: 因此，我们借助主场支持，以及因回到奥林匹克体育场而得以壮大，这才真正重要。
ZH_HYP: 所以,我们正是在支持这个家庭的支持和兴旺的事实。

EN: I'm getting a second chance to go out there and compete and it's just going to be such an amazing atmosphere out there."
ZH_REF: 我将获得第二次机会参加比赛，而那里的氛围将妙不可言。”
ZH_HYP: 我有机会去那里,比赛,这是个令人惊异的气氛。

EN: In 2016, Huawei had total staff strength of 180,000, with wages amounting to RMB121.8 billion, up 21% year-on-year.
ZH_REF: 2016年华为员工共18万，雇员费用高达1218亿，同比增长了21%。
ZH_HYP: 2016年,华为工作人员人数为180000人,工资为1218亿元,同比21%。

EN: Blocking critics from Facebook: Don't run for public office, if you can't take heat from voters
ZH_REF: 在脸书上屏蔽批评者：如果你不能忍受选民的责难，就不要竞选公职
ZH_HYP: 如果你不能从选民中热气的话,不要竞选公职

EN: The father of our country knew something about bad press.
ZH_REF: 我们的国父了解不良媒体的作风。
ZH_HYP: 我们国家的父亲知道了一些坏话。

EN: Americans loved George Washington, but it didn't take long for newspapers to start slamming him on everything from domestic policy to his political principles.
ZH_REF: 美国人都爱华盛顿，但不久之后，各大报纸就开始猛烈抨击他的一切，从国内政策到政治原则，一个都不放过。
ZH_HYP: 美国人喜欢乔治·华盛顿,但报纸上报纸上对他的政治原则,并不太久。

EN: He chafed at the criticism, sure.
ZH_REF: 他对这些批评很恼火，毫无疑问。
ZH_HYP: 他对批评的批评.

EN: But he did not silence his critics.
ZH_REF: 但是他并没有把这些批评者噤声。
ZH_HYP: 但他并不沉默。

EN: Because back in 1783, Washington said, "the freedom of Speech may be taken away - and, dumb & silent we may be led, like sheep, to the Slaughter."
ZH_REF: 因为早在 1783 年，华盛顿就说过，“言论自由被剥夺——我们就会像羔羊一样在沉默和愚昧中被宰杀。”
ZH_HYP: 因为1783年,华盛顿说,“言论自由可能被带走——而沉默和沉默,我们可能会被宰杀。”

EN: That brings me to Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan, who needs to work on being more like Washington.
ZH_REF: 这让我想到了马里兰州的州长拉里·霍根，他需要向华盛顿学习。
ZH_HYP: 这让我带到马里兰州,拉里·霍根(larryhogan)。

EN: Hogan's staff has blocked and deleted the posts of at least 450 people who voiced their opinions on his official Facebook page.
ZH_REF: 霍根的职员屏蔽并删除了至少 450 人的帖子，因为他们在他的脸书官方主页上发表自己的观点。
ZH_HYP: 霍根的工作人员已经阻止和删除了至少450人的职位。

EN: And the American Civil Liberties Union sued him for that earlier this week.
ZH_REF: 美国公民自由联盟本周早些时候就此对他提起了诉讼。
ZH_HYP: 而美国公民自由联盟则对他提出起诉。

EN: The governor's staff dismissed the lawsuit as frivolous, and the online commentary was rich with a "who cares?" backlash.
ZH_REF: 该州长的职员认为此次诉讼十分草率，网上报道充斥着他们的强烈反抗：“谁在乎？”
ZH_HYP: 州长的工作人员把诉讼视为轻率,而在线评论的内容是“谁关心”?

EN: "It's only Facebook," plenty of folks said.
ZH_REF: 很多人说“这只是脸书而已。”
ZH_HYP: “这只是脸谱。

EN: But it matters.
ZH_REF: 但，这很重要。
ZH_HYP: 但它也很重要。

EN: And it especially matters when it's a guy like Hogan.
ZH_REF: 这一点尤其重要，因为面对的是霍根这样的人。
ZH_HYP: 尤其是当它是个像hogan那样的人。

EN: This is a Republican governor in an overwhelmingly Democratic state who is astonishingly popular.
ZH_REF: 这是一位在一个民主占大多数的州担任州长的共和党人，而且他还出奇地受欢迎。
ZH_HYP: 这是一个共和党州长,在一个非常受欢迎的国家中,他的受欢迎。

EN: He has the second-highest approval rating of the nation's 50 governors.
ZH_REF: 在全国 50 位州长中，他得到的好评位列第二。
ZH_HYP: 他对全国50个州长的批准率.

EN: Hogan is not a reactionary hothead.
ZH_REF: 霍根并不是一个反动的急躁分子。
ZH_HYP: 霍根不是一个反动的人。

EN: He's shown a steady hand in leading his state and a stern adherence to principles.
ZH_REF: 他平稳掌管马里兰州，严格遵守规则。
ZH_HYP: 他在领导他的国家和一个坚持原则的

EN: He's also been pretty deft at using Facebook as a primary means to connect with his constituents, playfully debuting his hairless head after chemo treatments on his page.
ZH_REF: 他也非常善于将脸书作为和选民联络感情的主要方式，戏谑地在主页上首次展示他化疗后的秃头。
ZH_HYP: 他还很不使用facebook作为主要手段,他的他的的头发在他的上的理疗后,他的头发无发作。

EN: So blocking people who come to the governor's page - which is a public forum, labeled as official and administered by staff members paid public tax dollars - is unnecessary and ultimately dangerous.
ZH_REF: 所以屏蔽来到州长主页评论的人完全没有必要，最终也十分危险。这个主页是一个公共论坛，是由公众纳税供养的职员标榜的官方管理平台。
ZH_HYP: 因此,阻塞了来到州长的的公众论坛,这是一个公共论坛,由工作人员管理,并是危险的。

EN: In an interview with The Washington Post, Hogan spokeswoman Amelia Chasse defended the governor's actions, arguing that blocking the comments was nothing more than moderating them.
ZH_REF: 在《华盛顿邮报》的一次采访中，霍根的发言人阿米莉亚·沙斯为这位州长的行为辩护说，她认为屏蔽他们的评论不过是想让他们克制一点。
ZH_HYP: 在华盛顿邮报》采访时,hogan发言人ameliachasse)为州长的行动辩护,认为认为,这些言论只不过是对他们的意见。

EN: But it's too easy to use the image of trolls or spammers or hateful folks lashing out online.
ZH_REF: 但是他们过分草率地将其描述为席卷网络的洪水猛兽或愤世嫉俗者。
ZH_HYP: 但使用巨魔或垃圾邮件或可恨的人在网上冲走。

EN: The Post talked to some of the real people blocked by Hogan.
ZH_REF: 《华盛顿邮报》与被霍根屏蔽的人面对面交谈过。
ZH_HYP: 这个职位与一些被hogan封锁的人交谈.

EN: And they're just that - real people talking to their elected leaders: a teacher, a business owner and a pastor, not trolls.
ZH_REF: 他们只不过是普通人在跟自己选出的领导对话：他们的身份是老师、小企业主和牧师，并不是什么洪水猛兽。
ZH_HYP: 他们只是真正的人和他们的当选领导人:一位教师、商业老板和一个牧师,而不是巨魔。

EN: They all said that their comments were respectful, thoughtful and not profane.
ZH_REF: 他们纷纷表示自己的评论有深度、有敬意，并不下流。
ZH_HYP: 他们都说他们的评论是尊重,周到的,而不是亵渎。

EN: The pastor quoted the Bible in his post, appealing to Hogan's Catholic faith.
ZH_REF: 这位牧师在他的帖子中引用了《圣经》的话，呼吁霍根铭记他的天主教信仰。
ZH_HYP: 牧师引用了《圣经》,呼吁霍根的天主教徒.

EN: Attorney Lakshmi Sarma Ramani of Bowie, Md., wasn't hateful, but she asked about hate crimes.
ZH_REF: 马里兰州鲍伊的大律师拉克希米·萨尔马·拉马尼并没有愤世嫉俗，但是她询问了关于仇恨犯罪的问题。
ZH_HYP: md.md.的lakshmismaarakmani并不h恨仇恨罪。

EN: "I politely commented that I was disappointed in his lack of response to hate crimes and other recent news items," she wrote in the comment section of The Post's news story.
ZH_REF: 她在《华盛顿邮报》的新闻故事评论部分中写道，“我很礼貌地评论道，我对他没有回复仇恨犯罪和其他最近的新闻事件表示失望。
ZH_HYP: 她在《邮报》新闻报道的评论部分中写道:“我很礼貌地评论说,我对他对仇恨犯罪和其他最近的新闻项目感到失望。

EN: "I also do not appreciate that idea that when a number of people comment on the same topic, they are immediately disregarded by some as a so-called collective effort, rather than recognized as a large group of concerned citizens."
ZH_REF: 我同样也不喜欢一帮人对同一个话题发表评论，因为这些人会直接被某些人忽视，认为他们是所谓的从众心理，而不是把他们当成一群忧国忧民的公民。”
ZH_HYP: "我也不理解这样的想法,即当一些人就同一主题发表评论时,他们被一些人无视所谓的集体努力,而不是被视为是有关的公民。

EN: What the governor's staff called a "concentrated spam attack" others would probably call "advocacy."
ZH_REF: 州长职员所称的“密集垃圾信息轰炸”在其他人看来可能是“坚持主张”。
ZH_HYP: 总督的工作人员称为"集中垃圾邮件攻击"。

EN: The Facebook era makes it easy to tailor a message by simply blocking a critic or deleting a negative comment.
ZH_REF: 脸书时代让修改一条信息变得轻而易举，只需要屏蔽一个批评者或删除一条负面评论。
ZH_HYP: facebook时代,通过简单地阻断批评或删除否定评论。

EN: It's a lot cleaner than the old days, when doing the same would have required sending staff out to collect and burn newspapers with critical editorials or arresting and silencing protesters.
ZH_REF: 而且还清除得远比过去干净，在过去那个年代要做到同样的效果需要派遣职员外出搜集并焚毁带批评言论的报纸或者将抗议者逮捕或噤声。
ZH_HYP: 这比过去的很多,因为做的事情,需要让员工们批评批评批评或逮捕和压制抗议者。

EN: But that's exactly what's happening, only digitally.
ZH_REF: 但是那确实是现在正在发生的事，不过是在数字层面上。
ZH_HYP: 但这正是发生的。

EN: Hogan isn't the first public official to be criticized for defanging Facebook and other social media.
ZH_REF: 霍根不是第一个因在脸书和其他社交媒体上噤声他人而受到指责的公共官员。
ZH_HYP: 霍根不是第一个因facebook和其他社交媒体而批评的官员。

EN: President Trump is being sued by Twitter users who were blocked from his Twitter feed.
ZH_REF: 特朗普总统就正被推特用户起诉，因为他在推特上屏蔽了他们。
ZH_HYP: 特朗普总统被twitter的的被他的推特的

EN: One of the first landmark rulings on this issue came down last week in Virginia.
ZH_REF: 上周在弗吉尼亚州出现了一个里程碑式的裁决，就是关于此类问题的。
ZH_HYP: 上周,弗吉尼亚州首批关于这个问题的裁决。

EN: The chair of the Loudoun County Board of Supervisors violated the First Amendment, according to U.S. District Judge James C. Cacheris in Alexandria, when she banned a constituent from her Facebook page.
ZH_REF: 据美国亚历山大市的地区法官詹姆斯·c·卡察里斯称，劳登县监督委员会主席从她的脸书主页屏蔽选民的行为违反了第一修正案。
ZH_HYP: 据美国区法官詹姆斯·卡切尔(jamescacheris)说,当她禁止从facebook页面中禁止了一个成分时,她就违反了第一修正案。

EN: And in Kentucky, Gov. Matt Bevin (R) also got a visit from the ACLU over his use of Facebook and Twitter.
ZH_REF: 肯塔基州州长马特·贝文 (R) 也因其对脸书和推特的使用而受到美国公民自由联盟的光顾。
ZH_HYP: 在肯塔基州,马特·贝文(r)也访问了facebook和twitter。

EN: This shouldn't be so hard.
ZH_REF: 这不应该这么难。
ZH_HYP: 这不应该是那么难。

EN: In Washington's time, the era of affordable postage had an impact much like the Internet.
ZH_REF: 在华盛顿时代，负担得起的邮费和互联网有着相似的影响力。
ZH_HYP: 在华盛顿的时代,负担得起的邮资时代与互联网一样。

EN: The number of newspapers quadrupled between 1776 and 1800, and anonymous letter writers hammered his leadership.
ZH_REF: 新闻报纸的数量在 1776 年到 1800 年间翻了四番，还有人写匿名信猛烈批评他的领导。
ZH_HYP: 1776年至1800年,报纸的数量翻番,匿名信名作家们他的领导.

EN: And even back then, Washington had anonymous trolls.
ZH_REF: 而且甚至在那个时候，华盛顿也有针对他的匿名洪水猛兽。
ZH_HYP: 即使在那时,华盛顿也有匿名的巨魔。

EN: People using the pseudonyms "Juricola," "Valerius," "Belisarius," and "Portius" all wrote letters to newspapers trashing Washington's decisions.
ZH_REF: 人们使用尤里克拉、瓦列里乌斯、贝利撒留、波久斯等假名写信给报社严厉批评华盛顿的决策。
ZH_HYP: 人们用“尤里拉”,“巴鲁斯,”,“波斯,”和“波尔斯》都写了报纸,写了华盛顿的决定。

EN: Petitions criticizing his stand on the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation with Britain overwhelmed his office, according to the historical documents collected by the online Papers of George Washington Project.
ZH_REF: 根据乔治·华盛顿报纸网上项目收集的历史文件记载，他的办公室被请愿书淹没了，都在批评他在和英国签订的《英国国王陛下与美利坚合众国友好、通商与航海条约》上的态度。
ZH_HYP: 根据英国《乔治·华盛顿项目》的历史文件,他的英国的的、商业和航行条约的立场,他的办公室。

EN: But he did not silence them.
ZH_REF: 但是他没有将他们噤声。
ZH_HYP: 但他没有不沉默。

EN: Freedom of speech, dissent and discourse lie at the very foundation of our nation.
ZH_REF: 言论自由、不同政见自由和演讲自由是这个国家的根基。
ZH_HYP: 言论自由、不同意见和言论的自由。

EN: And true leadership means accepting that.
ZH_REF: 而真正的领导者需要接受这一点。
ZH_HYP: 真正的领导是接受接受。

EN: Any movement in the property market would have an impact on the sensibilities of the general public.
ZH_REF: 楼市一丝丝的风吹草动都牵动着人们的敏感神经。
ZH_HYP: 房地产市场的任何运动都会影响公众的敏感度。

EN: Purchase quota is a fixed threshold many cities would adopt when implementing real estate control measures.
ZH_REF: 限购是很多城市房地产调控政策的一道硬杠杠。
ZH_HYP: 购买定额是一个固定的门槛,在实施房地产控制措施时。

EN: In May 2017, Jinan issued regulations stating that undergraduates who make social security contributions consecutively for half a year will be entitled to be treated under the same residential property purchase policies as that of local residents with permanent residency.
ZH_REF: 2017年5月，济南出台规定，本科生连续缴社保半年，可享有本地常住户口居民同等购房政策；
ZH_HYP: 2017年5月,济南颁布的条例,规定,连续半年社会保障缴款的本科生有权与居住居住的居民相同的

EN: In June, Wuhan issued policies that stipulate that university students may settle in the city within three years of graduation based on their graduation certificate and employment permit.
ZH_REF: 6月，武汉出台政策，规定大学生毕业3年内凭毕业证和就业证即可落户。
ZH_HYP: 今年6月,武汉发布了政策,规定大学生在毕业毕业证书和就业许可,在毕业后三年内解决。

EN: After the policy was enhanced, officials stated that “university students are entitled to purchase residential property at a 20% discount to market price”.
ZH_REF: 随后政策加码，官方表示，“大学生可以低于市场价20%的价格买房”；
ZH_HYP: 在政策得到加强后,官员们表示,"大学大学生有权按市场价格购买20%的折扣。

EN: In July, Chengdu issue regulations stating that young talent with overseas university bachelor’s degree or higher academic qualifications may apply to settle in Chengdu based on their graduation certificate.
ZH_REF: 7月，成都出台规定，外地大学本科及以上学历的青年人才，凭毕业证即可申请落户成都。
ZH_HYP: 成都的规定,在成都的大学学士学位或更高的学历的,可以根据毕业毕业证书申请申请。

EN: In addition, Kunshan, Lingang in Shanghai, as well as other cities or regions also issued relevant “talent introduction” policies, and lowered the threshold for buying residential property and settling locally for talents.
ZH_REF: 除此之外，还有昆山、上海临港等城市或区域也出台了 “人才引入”相关政策，对人才购房落户降低门槛。
ZH_HYP: 此外,昆山、上海市的岭朗和其他城市地区也发布了相关“人才引进”政策,降低了购买住宅的门槛。

EN: Zhang Hongwei believed that this was, in fact, large cities competing for population, particularly talent. Only by retaining population, particularly talent, can a city be competitive. This then, was the key significance of these real estate policies.
ZH_REF: 张宏伟认为，这实际上是各大城市对于人口尤其是人才的争夺，留住人口尤其是人才，城市才具有竞争力，这才是这些房地产政策最重要的意义。
ZH_HYP: 张红伟认为,这实际上是城市人口,特别是人才的竞争,只有通过保留人口,特别是人才才能有竞争力,而这正是这些房地产政策的关键意义。

EN: Some even believed that this implied that the time has come to abolish residential property “purchase quotas”.
ZH_REF: 有人甚至认为，这意味着楼市“限购”取消的时机已到。
ZH_HYP: 有些人甚至认为这意味着取消"购买配额"。

EN: Director Derek Yee said that day that he had plans to film for a long time. The first time the screenplay was adapted was in 1999. He was even prepared to get Takeshi Kaneshiro to play the role of Yan Shisan.
ZH_REF: 尔冬升导演当日表示，拍摄计划由来已久，第一次改编剧本是在1999年的时候，甚至还准备找金城武来饰演燕十三。
ZH_HYP: 德里克·亚伊当天说,他已经计划了一段时间,电影剧改编成了,他甚至准备让出了的的。

EN: Ronan Rafferty hopes for home comforts at Renaissance Club
ZH_REF: 罗南·拉弗蒂期待在文艺复兴俱乐部享受回家的感觉
ZH_HYP: ronanrfferty希望在文艺复兴时期

EN: Former European No 1 Ronan Rafferty will be hoping for home comforts over the next three days as the Renaissance Club in East Lothian hosts the 25th edition of the Scottish Senior Open.
ZH_REF: 东洛锡安文艺复兴俱乐部举办第 25 届苏格兰常青公开赛，前欧洲冠军罗南·拉弗蒂将在接下来的三天中享受回家的感觉。
ZH_HYP: 前欧洲的罗兰·拉弗蒂将在未来三天的,因为在东洛斯的复兴俱乐部主演了苏格兰的的高级公开赛。

EN: The Northern Irishman, who led next door at Archerfield Links heading into the final round last year before losing out to Paul Eales, is attached to the new venue and is acting as tournament ambassador on behalf of the club's founder and CEO Jerry Sarvadi.
ZH_REF: 这位北爱尔兰人去年带领隔壁的阿彻菲尔德·林克斯挺进了决赛，但最终输给了保罗·伊尔斯。他现在为该新会场工作，代表俱乐部创始人兼首席执行官杰瑞·萨尔瓦蒂担任赛事大使。
ZH_HYP: 在去年,在切尔西的的场前,在最后的最后一圈,最后进入了最后的,,,他的俱乐部的创始人和首席执行官杰里·萨维拉(jerrysar

EN: "I watched Renaissance Club being built, and we're seeing it come to its glory with this event," said Rafferty.
ZH_REF: 拉弗蒂说：“我目睹了文艺复兴俱乐部成立，我们也会通过这次比赛见证它的荣光。
ZH_HYP: “我看到了文艺复兴俱乐部,我们看到这次事件的荣耀。

EN: "The players will see this course at its finest, it is in fabulous condition.
ZH_REF: 运动员们将会看到这个球场的最佳面貌和最佳状态。
ZH_HYP: “球员们将看到这门课程,它是非常好的。

EN: Jerry has done a fabulous job setting this place up.
ZH_REF: 杰瑞把这个地方创办得无与伦比。
ZH_HYP: 杰瑞做了一个工作.

EN: He's a keen advocate of this game and is proud of his achievement here.
ZH_REF: 他是此次比赛的热衷拥护者，也对在这里取得成就感到十分自豪。
ZH_HYP: 他是这比赛的热心,他为他在此取得的成就感到自豪。

EN: This is a great showcase for this course."
ZH_REF: 这是展示这个球场的最佳舞台。”
ZH_HYP: 这是这门课的一个很好的展示.

EN: Englishman Eales is looking forward to defending a championship for the first time despite winning on both the European Tour and European Challenge Tour in his 32-year career.
ZH_REF: 英格兰人伊尔斯期待第一次卫冕，尽管在 32 年的职业生涯中，他已同时赢得欧洲巡回赛和欧洲挑战巡回赛。
ZH_HYP: 英国的欧洲巡回赛在欧洲巡回赛和欧洲挑战巡回赛中,尽管欧洲的欧洲巡回赛和欧洲挑战的巡回赛。

EN: "This does feel really special," said the Southport-based player.
ZH_REF: 这位绍斯波特的运动员说：“这确实非常特别。
ZH_HYP: “这的确很特别。”

EN: "I didn't get to defend the Extremadura Open because that was taken off the schedule the year after I won it.
ZH_REF: 我没有卫冕埃斯特雷马杜拉公开赛，因为在我获胜的第二年，这场比赛就取消了。
ZH_HYP: “我没有去捍卫这个极端分子,因为我赢了那年的计划。

EN: Coming back to this part of the world is magical.
ZH_REF: 来到这个地方感觉很神奇，
ZH_HYP: 回到这个世界的地方是神奇的。

EN: It's a wonderful place to play golf in.
ZH_REF: 在这里打高尔夫非常美妙。
ZH_HYP: 这是一个很好的地方。

EN: The memories from last year are coming back and it was special for me and my wife Sharon to win last year.
ZH_REF: 去年的回忆一一浮现，对我和我的妻子莎伦来说，去年的获胜对我们有着特殊的意义。
ZH_HYP: 去年的回忆又回来了,我和我的妻子沙龙来说是特别的。

EN: It was a really special time and one we will always cherish."
ZH_REF: 那真的是一次特别的回忆，我们会永远铭记。”
ZH_HYP: 这是一个非常特殊的时刻,我们会珍惜。

EN: Making his return to action on home soil is Gary Orr, who joined the European Senior Tour after turning 50 earlier this year.
ZH_REF: 回到故土比赛的是盖瑞·奥尔，他今年早些时候刚满 50 岁，然后还参加了欧洲常青巡回赛。
ZH_HYP: 在今年早些时候在50岁之后加入欧洲高级巡回赛的加里。

EN: This event will be his first Scottish appearance since the Aberdeen Asset Management Scottish Open in 2013.
ZH_REF: 这次是他自 2013 年苏格兰高尔夫公开赛起第一次参加苏格兰比赛。
ZH_HYP: 这一事件将是他自2013年在苏格兰资产管理苏格兰开放开放以来首次出现的首次苏格兰。

EN: "It always means a little bit more when you're playing at home," said Helensburgh man Orr.
ZH_REF: 海伦斯堡人奥尔表示：“回家乡比赛总会有更多意义，
ZH_HYP: “在家里玩的时候,多一点一点。”

EN: "You want to do well; but you do feel that extra pressure.
ZH_REF: 你想要做好；但是又能感觉到那股额外的压力。
ZH_HYP: “你想做得很好,但你确实感到额外的压力。

EN: I've really enjoyed playing again and I've played some solid golf.
ZH_REF: 能够再次比赛我真的很享受，我一直在打高尔夫。
ZH_HYP: 我真的很喜欢玩,我打了一些打球。

EN: I'm happy with how it's going so far."
ZH_REF: 我很满意目前的状况。”
ZH_HYP: 我很高兴它的到目前为止。"

EN: Joining the trio in the field are former Masters winner Ian Woosnam and Senior major champions Paul Broadhurst, Roger Chapman, Mark James and Mark McNulty.
ZH_REF: 加入场内三人组的是前大师赛获胜者伊恩·伍斯南和常青大赛冠军保罗·布罗德赫斯特、罗杰·查普曼、马克·詹姆斯和马克?麦纽提。
ZH_HYP: 加入田野的三人是前前主帅伊恩·沃斯斯和高级冠军保罗·波曼、罗杰·查普曼、马克·麦克麦克纳蒂。

EN: Orr and former Ryder Cup captain Sam Torrance are among six Scots in the field, the others being Andrew Oldcorn, Stephen McAllister, Bill Longmuir and Ross Drummond.
ZH_REF: 场上共六位苏格兰运动员，奥尔和前莱德杯队长萨姆·托伦斯是其中之二，另外四位为安德鲁·奥德柯恩、斯蒂芬·麦卡利斯特、比尔·郎缪和罗斯·德拉蒙德。
ZH_HYP: 奥尔和前的莱德德杯队长萨姆·托伦斯是田野的六苏格兰苏格兰人之一,另一个是安德鲁··尔和罗斯·。

EN: Admission is free of charge, with car parking charged at £5 per car with one occupant and £10 per car with two or more occupants.
ZH_REF: 入场免费，停车费为载有一位乘客的每辆车收费 5 英镑，载有两位或多位乘客的每辆车收费 10 英镑。
ZH_HYP: 入场费是免费的,车车停放每辆车5镑,每每辆或以上以上的车。

EN: All proceeds go to Prostate Cancer UK.
ZH_REF: 所收费用均捐献给前列腺癌慈善组织 Prostate Cancer UK。
ZH_HYP: 所有的收益都英国前列腺癌.

EN: In particular, Henan imposed consecutive daily fines on seven cases. At present, China is moving from control at the end toward being involved throughout the entire process, intensifying efforts to treat environmental pollution on an all-round basis.
ZH_REF: 其中，河南实施按日连续处罚7件，当前，中国正在从末端管控至全程嵌入，全面加力环境污染治理。
ZH_HYP: 河南特别是,河南对7起案件实行了罚款,目前中国正在从控制过程中,全面处理环境污染。

EN: There’s no peak, only higher. The share price of Kweichow Moutai has continued to set new highs unabated.
ZH_REF: 没有最高，只有更高，贵州茅台股价在创新高的道路上根本停不下来。
ZH_HYP: 没有高峰,,,kweichemoutai的股价继续在新高。

EN: The guidance price of RMB1,499 was RMB200 higher than the previous retail price of RMB1,299.
ZH_REF: 1499元的指导价较此前1299元的零售价上涨了200元。
ZH_HYP: 人民币1,499元人民币的指导价比此前的零售价高出200元。

EN: On December 28, Kweichow Moutai announced that upon study, it has decided to appropriately hike the price of Moutai liquor products in 2018; on average, the magnitude of the hike would be approximately 18%.
ZH_REF: 2017年12月28日贵州茅台发布公告称经研究决定，自2018年起适当上调茅台酒产品价格，平均上调幅度18%左右。
ZH_HYP: 28日,kweichowmoutai宣布,在研究后,它决定在2018年适当地提高moutai酒类产品的价格;平均水平将约为1

EN: Data showed that the aggregate output value of Guizhou Province for the first to the third quarters of 2017 amounted to RMB950 billion. Maotai’s market capitalization far outstripped Guizhou Province’s GDP for the first three quarters.
ZH_REF: 统计显示，2017年贵州省1-3季度生产总值为9500亿元，茅台市值将贵州省去年前三季度GDP远远甩在身后。
ZH_HYP: 数据显示,贵州省2017年第三季度的总产出值达9500亿元人民币,茅台市场市值远远超过了贵州省gdp。

EN: Driven by Moutai, listed baijiu companies began to introduce price hikes and control supply, enjoying the dividend brought about by consumption upgrading.
ZH_REF: 在茅台的带动下，白酒类上市公司纷纷开启提价控货节奏，坐享消费升级带来的红利。
ZH_HYP: 被列入的是由孟买的,公司开始开始引入价格飙升和控制供应,享受消费消费带来的红利。

EN: After entering Microsoft’s real-time dialog translation mode, the screen is divided into two parts. The two users in the dialog may each select their own language.
ZH_REF: 在进入微软的实时对话翻译模式后，屏幕被分为两等份，对话的两位用户可以各自选择自己那一边的语言。
ZH_HYP: 在进入微软的实时对话对话模式之后,屏幕分为两个部分,两个用户可以各自的语言。

EN: On the morning of December 21, Kvitova’s operation was completed, and all tendons and two nerves of her five fingers were repaired well.
ZH_REF: 12月21日早上，科维托娃完成手术，医生修复了她5根手指的所有肌腱和2根神经。
ZH_HYP: 12月21日上午,kvitova的手术完成,所有的肌腱和两神经都被修复。

EN: High-level foreign talent with Chinese green cards who found technology enterprises may enjoy “citizen treatment”.
ZH_REF: 持有中国绿卡的外籍高层次人才创办科技型企业，可享受“国民待遇”。
ZH_HYP: 高外国人才与中国绿色卡人的高档人才可享受“公民待遇”。

EN: The first of the “20 measures to further open up and actively utilize foreign investment” states that China would “support high-level foreign talent who hold permanent residence permits found technology related enterprises”.
ZH_REF: “二十条”措施中，第一条就是“支持持永久居留身份证外籍高层次人才创办科技型企业”。
ZH_HYP: “20项进一步开放和积极利用外国投资”的措施中,中国将“支持持有永久居留证的外国人才”。

EN: On December 20th, Beijing time, Azarenka announced through social media that she had given birth to a child and upgraded to be a mother.
ZH_REF: 北京时间12月20日，阿扎伦卡通过社交媒体宣布顺利产下一子，升级做了母亲。
ZH_HYP: 20日,北京时间,阿兹雷卡通过社交媒体宣布,她生了孩子,并升级为母亲。

EN: Russian media claimed Putin has a new locally produced vehicle: 15% cheaper than a Mercedes Benz
ZH_REF: 俄媒称普京将拥有国产新专车：单价比奔驰便宜15％
ZH_HYP: 俄罗斯媒体称普京拥有新的当地生产汽车:比梅塞德斯15%

EN: Reference News January 18 report Russian media claimed that Russia’s Minister of Trade and Industry, Denis Manturov, said that the unit price of the automobiles in President Putin’s “motorcade” is priced at RUB6-7 million or higher.
ZH_REF: 参考消息网1月18日报道 俄媒称，俄罗斯工贸部长曼图罗夫表示，总统普京“车队”的汽车单价从600-700万卢布起。
ZH_HYP: 参考新闻报道1月18日报道俄罗斯媒体报道称,俄罗斯的贸易和工业部长丹尼斯·曼图罗罗夫说,“汽车的价格价格以6-700万或高价高

EN: The budget target is to contain the price at 15% lower than a Mercedes-Benz S class.
ZH_REF: 预算目标是把价格控制在比梅赛德斯-奔驰S级汽车低15%。
ZH_HYP: 预算目标是将价格的15%的价格。

EN: Russia Lianta network reported on January 16 that from the end of February to the end of March, the key R&D unit for the President’s automobiles - Central Scientific Research Automobile and Automotive Engines Institute (NAMI) - will deliver 15 automobiles to the Federal Protective Service.
ZH_REF: 据俄罗斯连塔网1月16日报道，2月底至3月初，总统座驾的主要研发单位——俄罗斯国家汽车工程研究院（NAMI）将向联邦警卫局交付16辆车。
ZH_HYP: ”俄罗斯liana网络1月16日报道,,1月16月底,总统汽车的主要研发单位和汽车汽车发动机研究所(nami)将向联邦保护局提供15辆汽车

EN: The report states that the “motorcade” project requires manufacturing three types of vehicles - limousine, three-carriage vehicle and a small passenger vehicle - for the nation’s leader using a the same module platform. The budget allocation for this project is RUB12.4 billion.
ZH_REF: 报道称，“车队”项目要求用统一模块平台为国家头号人物制造3种汽车——加长轿车、三厢车和小型客车。该项目的预算拨款为124亿卢布。
ZH_HYP: 报告指出,"车队"项目要求制造三种类型的车辆----轿车、三辆车和一个小型客车----为这个项目的领导人使用。

EN: The report claimed that news of manufacturing the first locally produced limousine in Russia for the President emerged some five years ago. According to the plans of the R&D unit, the new automobile will be equipped with a 800hp engine and armor, and will weigh six tonnes.
ZH_REF: 报道称，为总统制造苏联以来第一辆国产加长轿车的消息出现在大约5年前。根据研发单位的计划，新汽车将安装800马力发动机和装甲，整车重量为6吨。
ZH_HYP: 报告称,制造的当地生产的轿车在俄罗斯的的生产的轿车在五年前出现。根据研发单位的计划,新汽车将配备800个,并将6吨。

EN: It is understood that the engineering and technology team of Germany’s BWM is participating in the R&D of the engine unit.
ZH_REF: 据悉，德国保时捷公司的工程技术团队参与了动力装置研发。
ZH_HYP: 据了解,德国德国的工程和技术小组正在参与发动机的研发。

EN: Elsewhere, according to reports by TASS on January 16, Manturov told reporters that the “motorcade” series of automobiles will be sold externally from 2019. All configured models will be available.
ZH_REF: 另据塔斯社1月16日报道，曼图罗夫告诉记者，“车队”系列汽车将从2019年起对外零售，各种配置的车型都能买到。
ZH_HYP: 据tass1月16日报道,其他地方,塔罗罗夫告诉记者说,“汽车的汽车将从2019年起就会出售。

EN: This minister said, “From next year onward, all interested parties may place an order. There are no sale restrictions on any model, whether it is the bullet-proof or the luxury model.”
ZH_REF: 这位部长说：“从明年开始，所有感兴趣的人都能订购，不管是防弹型还是豪华型，没有任何销售限制。”
ZH_HYP: 这位部长表示,“从明年起,所有有关各方都可以发出命令,对任何模式都没有任何限制,不管是防弹还是奢侈品。

EN: Russia’s Ministry of Trade and Industry plans to increase the annual production of the “motorcade” series of automobiles to more than 1 million after 2020.
ZH_REF: 俄罗斯工贸部计划在2020年后把“车队”系列汽车的年产量提高到1000辆以上。
ZH_HYP: 俄罗斯贸易和工业部计划在2020年之后将“汽车”系列的年度生产量增加到100万。

EN: Manturov said, “Manufacturing 18 units puts us at full capacity now. This year’s output is more than 70 units, with 200 units next year, and 300 or even more the year after.”
ZH_REF: 曼图罗夫说：“我们现在生产18辆就满负荷了，今年的产量是70辆以上，明年达到200辆，后年300辆甚至更多。”
ZH_HYP: 曼塔罗夫说,“制造业18个单位现在我们完全产能达到70个单位,明年的产出为200个,甚至是一年。

EN: (Editor/He Yingjun)
ZH_REF: （编译/贺颖骏）
ZH_HYP: (编辑/h英军)

EN: Good evening, viewers.
ZH_REF: 各位观众，晚上好
ZH_HYP: 晚安,观众。

EN: Today is December 1st, Friday, the 14th day of the 10th month of the lunar calendar, welcome to Xin Wen Lian Bo.
ZH_REF: 今天是十二月一日星期五，农历十月十四，欢迎收看新闻联播节目
ZH_HYP: 今天是12月1日,月十四日,欢迎来到新文文.

EN: In tonight's program, we will cover the following main content.
ZH_REF: 首先为您介绍今天节目的主要内容。
ZH_HYP: 在今晚的节目中,我们将内容如下:

EN: Xi Jinping attended the opening ceremony of the CPC in Dialogue with World Political Parties High-level Meeting and delivered a keynote speech. Wang Huning attended the first plenary session of the dialogue.
ZH_REF: 习近平出席中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会开幕式并发表主旨讲话，王沪宁出席对话会第一次全体会议。
ZH_HYP: 习近平出席了中国共产党与世界政治政党高级别会议对话的开幕式,并发表了主旨演讲。

EN: Xi Jinping met respectively
ZH_REF: 习近平分别会见
ZH_HYP: 习近平分别举行

EN: with Myanmar's State Counselor Aung San Suu Kyi and President of the Cambodian People's Party and Prime Minister of the government Hun Sen, who came to attend the CPC in Dialogue with World Political Parties High-level Meeting.
ZH_REF: 前来出席中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会的缅甸国务资政昂山素季和柬埔寨人民党主席、政府首相洪森。
ZH_HYP: 与缅甸国家昂山素季和柬埔寨人民党和政府洪森政府总理,他出席了参加了中国共产党的对话。

EN: Li Keqiang met with Russian President Putin.
ZH_REF: 李克强会见俄罗斯总统普京。
ZH_HYP: 李克强会见了俄罗斯总统。

EN: Li Keqiang arrived in Sochi to attend the 16th Prime Ministerial Meeting of SCO Member Countries.
ZH_REF: 李克强抵达索契出席上海合作组织成员国总理第十六次会议。
ZH_HYP: 李克强抵达本组织成员国第16次总理会议。

EN: The 12th National Congress of the Chinese Association for the Advancement of Democracy opened in Beijing. On behalf of the CPC Central Committee, Wang Yang delivered a congratulatory message.
ZH_REF: 中国民主促进会第十二次全国代表大会在京开幕，汪洋代表中共中央致贺词。
ZH_HYP: 中国民主促进会第十二届全国代表大会在北京开幕,代表中共中央代表中国共产党。

EN: The leaders of many countries' political parties visited the Forge Ahead Five-Year Major Achievements Exhibition in Beijing, , where they affirmed the tremendous changes that have taken place in China and shared in the experience of China's development.
ZH_REF: 多国政党领导人在北京参观砥砺奋进的五年大型成就展，肯定中国巨变，分享中国发展经验。
ZH_HYP: 许多国家的政党领导人在北京举办了五年的主要成就展览,并在中国的发展经验中了中国的巨大变化。

EN: on the Syria Issue, as both parties to the peace talks begin a closely synchronization conference.
ZH_REF: 艰难推进，和谈双方开启近距离同步会议
ZH_HYP: 在叙利亚问题上,双方都开始举行一次同步会议。

EN: Viewers, today's Xinwen Lianbo broadcast will be roughly 35 minutes.
ZH_REF: 各位观众，今天的新闻联播节目大约需要三十五分钟。
ZH_HYP: 观众,今天的新安安博将大约35分钟。

EN: Next, please watch the details.
ZH_REF: 接下来请您收看详细内容。
ZH_HYP: 下请看细节。

EN: On December 1st, General Secretary of CPC Central Committee and President Xi Jinping attended the opening ceremony of the CPC in Dialogue with World Political Parties High-level Meeting at the Great Hall of the People and delivered
ZH_REF: 中共中央总书记、国家主席习近平十二月一号在人民大会堂出席中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会开幕式，并发表
ZH_HYP: 12月1日,中共中央书记和习近平主席在人民大会堂与世界政治大会堂举行的开幕式,并

EN: a keynote speech entitled "Building a Better World Together"
ZH_REF: 题为《携手建设更加美好的世界》的主旨讲话
ZH_HYP: 题为"共同建设一个美好世界"的主旨演讲

EN: Xi Jinping emphasized that political parties should conform to contemporary development trends, grasp the general trend of human progress,
ZH_REF: 习近平强调政党要顺应时代发展潮流、把握人类进步大势
ZH_HYP: 习近平强调,政党应符合当代发展趋势,把握人类的的发展趋势,

EN: to work with all parties to promote the construction of a community with a shared future for mankind.
ZH_REF: 愿同各方推动构建人类命运共同体的真诚愿望
ZH_HYP: 与各方合作,促进建设一个共同的未来。

EN: Political parties play an important role in the political life of countries and are also an important force in promoting the progress of human civilization.
ZH_REF: 政党在国家政治生活中发挥着重要作用，也是推动人类文明进步的重要力量。
ZH_HYP: 政党在各国政治生活中发挥重要作用,也是促进人类文明进步的重要力量。

EN: At the end of the year, leaders of nearly 300 political parties and political organizations from all over the world gathered in Beijing to discuss plans for cooperation,
ZH_REF: 年终岁末，来自世界各国近三百个政党和政治组织的领导人齐聚北京，共商合作大计。
ZH_HYP: 今年年底,全世界近300个政党和政治组织聚集在北京,讨论合作计划,

EN: Xi Jinping pointed out that humankind is more interconnected than at any time in history, and that at the same time, humankind faces unprecedented global problems.
ZH_REF: 习近平指出，今天人类生活的关联前所未有，同时人类面临的全球性问题也前所未有。
ZH_HYP: 习近平指出,人类在历史上的相互联系,人类面临前所未有的全球性问题。

EN: The future and the destinies of the citizens of every country in the world are increasingly linked.
ZH_REF: 世界各国人民前途命运越来越紧密地联系在一起。
ZH_HYP: 世界上每个国家的公民的命运和命运都日益紧密。

EN: People of all countries in the world should uphold the concept of one world, understand each other, seek common grounds while reserving differences,
ZH_REF: 世界各国人民应该秉持天下一家理念，彼此理解、求同存异
ZH_HYP: 世界各国人民应坚持一个世界的概念,相互理解,共同共同的,

EN: and work together to make efforts to build a community with a shared future for mankind.
ZH_REF: 共同为构建人类命运共同体而努力
ZH_HYP: 并共同努力,为人类共同建立一个共同的。

EN: I propose the Belt and Road Initiative, that is, to practice the concept of a community with a shared future for mankind.
ZH_REF: 我提出一带一路倡议，就是要践行人类命运共同体理念。
ZH_HYP: 我提议采取带和道路倡议,为人类共同的未来。

EN: Xi Jinping stressed that we must strive to build a world free from fear, universally safe, and that upholds a common, integrated, cooperative, and sustainable new conception of security,
ZH_REF: 习近平强调，我们要努力建设一个远离恐惧，普遍安全的世界，坚持共同、综合、合作、可持续的新安全观。
ZH_HYP: 习近平强调,我们必须努力建设一个没有恐惧、普遍安全的世界,维护一个共同、一体化、合作和可持续的新安全观,

EN: We must strive to build a world far away from self-isolation, open to others, which uphold the principle that the world is rich and colorful and civilizations are diverse,
ZH_REF: 我们要努力建设一个远离封闭、开放包容的世界，坚持世界是丰富多彩的、文明是多样的理念。
ZH_HYP: 我们必须努力建设一个远离自我孤立的世界,这世界是丰富多彩、文明的原则,

EN: and allow all civilizations to coexist harmoniously.
ZH_REF: 让各种文明和谐共存。
ZH_HYP: 允许所有文明和谐共存。

EN: We must strive to build a clean and beautiful world with green mountains and clear waters, and adhere to the concept of symbiotic coexistence between man and nature, and jointly create a harmonious and livable
ZH_REF: 我们要努力建设一个山清水秀、清洁美丽的世界，坚持人与自然共生共存的理念，共同营造和谐宜居的
ZH_HYP: 我们必须努力与绿色山岭和清水建立一个清洁、美丽的世界,坚持共生共生共生的共生理念,共同创造和谐、和谐的和谐

EN: home for humanity
ZH_REF: 人类家园
ZH_HYP: homeforumforhom

EN: that seek common ground while reserving differences, respect one another, and learn from each other's experiences on the basis of a new type of international relations.
ZH_REF: 建立求同存异、相互尊重、互学互鉴的新型政党关系。
ZH_HYP: 这在共同点,同时又互相尊重,并在新的国际关系基础上学习。

EN: We should build a network of international political parties for exchange and cooperation in various forms and at various levels, and bring together powerful forces to build a community with a shared future for mankind.
ZH_REF: 搭建多种形式、多种层次的国际政党交流合作网络，汇聚构建人类命运共同体的强大力量。
ZH_HYP: 我们应当建立一个国际政党网络,以各种形式和各级的交流与合作,并建立一个共同的共同未来的社区。

EN: We need to accomplish our own tasks well, which itself is a contribution to building a community with a shared future for mankind.
ZH_REF: 我们要把自己的事情做好，这本身就是对构建人类命运共同体的贡献。
ZH_HYP: 我们需要完成自己的任务,而本身就是为建设一个共同的未来的社区。

EN: We must also create more opportunities for the world by promoting China's development.
ZH_REF: 我们也要通过推动中国发展给世界创造更多机遇。
ZH_HYP: 我们还必须为世界创造更多的机会。

EN: We do not import foreign models nor export the Chinese model, and we will not ask other countries to copy Chinese practices.
ZH_REF: 我们不输入外国模式，也不输出中国模式，不会要求别国复制中国的做法。
ZH_HYP: 我们不进口国外模式,也不出口中国模式,我们不会要求其他国家复制中国的做法。

EN: First,
ZH_REF: 第一
ZH_HYP: 第一,

EN: the Chinese Communist Party will make contributions to the peace and tranquility of the world.
ZH_REF: 中国共产党将一如既往为世界和平安宁作贡献。
ZH_HYP: 中国共产党将为世界的和平与安宁做出贡献。

EN: China will hold high the banner of peace, development, cooperation, and mutual benefit. It will unswervingly follow the path of peaceful development and actively promote the building of a global partnership,
ZH_REF: 中国将高举和平、发展、合作、共赢的旗帜，始终不渝走和平发展道路，积极推进全球伙伴关系建设。
ZH_HYP: 中国将坚持和平、发展、合作、互利互利的旗帜,坚定不移地走和平发展的道路,

EN: and actively participate in the process of political settlement of difficult hot-button international issues.
ZH_REF: 主动参与国际热点难点问题的政治解决进程。
ZH_HYP: 积极参与解决热点问题的政治解决。

EN: No matter to what degree China is developed, it will never become a hegemon and or engage in expansionism.
ZH_REF: 中国无论发展到什么程度，都永远不称霸，永远不搞扩张。
ZH_HYP: 无论中国的发展程度,都不会成为霸权主义,也也不会参与扩张主义。

EN: By the middle of this century, China will build a prosperous, strong, democratic, civilized, harmonious, and beautiful socialist modern power.
ZH_REF: 到本世纪中叶中国将建成富强民主文明和谐美丽的社会主义现代化强国。
ZH_HYP: 到本世纪中期,中国将建设一个繁荣、强大、民主、文明、和谐、美丽的社会主义现代化力量。

EN: This will benefit the Chinese people, and benefit all the peoples of the world as well.
ZH_REF: 这将造福中国人民，也将造福世界各国人民。
ZH_HYP: 这将有利于中国人民,也造福于世界各国人民。

EN: We call on all political parties in the world to work with us to create more opportunities for cooperation for the world, and strive to promote the common prosperity and development of all countries in the world.
ZH_REF: 我们倡议世界各国政党同我们一道，为世界创造更多合作机会，努力推动世界各国共同发展繁荣。
ZH_HYP: 我们呼吁世界上所有政党与我们一道为世界合作创造更多的机会,并努力促进世界各国的共同繁荣与发展。

EN: The Chinese Communist Party has always stressed the importance of establishing a global perspective, actively learning from the achievements of civilization by the people of all countries in the world, and applying the same in the light of China's actual conditions.
ZH_REF: 中国共产党历来强调树立世界眼光，积极学习借鉴世界各国人民创造的文明成果，并结合中国实际加以运用。
ZH_HYP: 中国共产党始终强调建立全球视角,从世界各国人民的文明的学习,并在中国的实际情况下,运用。

EN: and support the people of all countries in strengthening humanistic exchanges and people-to-people friendship.
ZH_REF: 开展对话和交流合作，支持各国人民加强人文往来和民间友好。
ZH_HYP: 支持各国人民加强人文交流和人民友谊。

EN: to institutionalize the high-level dialogue between the Chinese Communist Party and global political parties so that they can become a platform for high-level political dialogue with broad representation
ZH_REF: 将中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会机制化，使之成为具有广泛代表性和国际影响力的
ZH_HYP: 使中国共产党和全球政党之间的高级别对话制度化,使他们能够成为具有广泛代表性的高级别政治对话平台

EN: and international influence.
ZH_REF: 高端政治对话平台
ZH_HYP: 国际影响力。

EN: Confucius, an ancient Chinese thinker,
ZH_REF: 中国古代思想家孔子
ZH_HYP: 孔子,中国思想家

EN: said that
ZH_REF: 说过
ZH_HYP: 那

EN: there are three friendships which are advantageous. Friendship with the upright; friendship with the sincere; and friendship with the observant.
ZH_REF: 益者三友，友直，友谅，友多闻。
ZH_HYP: 有三个友谊,友谊,与真诚的友谊;友谊与友谊。

EN: The Chinese Communist Party hopes to make friends all over the world.
ZH_REF: 中国共产党愿广交天下朋友。
ZH_HYP: 中国共产党希望在世界各地交朋友。

EN: For a long time, the CPC has maintained regular contacts with more than 400 political parties and political organizations in more than 160 countries and regions in the world.
ZH_REF: 长期以来，中国共产党同世界上一百六十多个国家和地区的四百多个政党和政治组织保持着经常性联系。
ZH_HYP: 长期以来,中国共产党与世界上160多个国家和政治组织保持了定期联系。

EN: share experiences in governing the party and state,
ZH_REF: 分享治党治国经验
ZH_HYP: 分享执政党和国家的经验,

EN: and enhance mutual strategic cooperation with other people in the world
ZH_REF: 增进彼此战略性的
ZH_HYP: 加强与世界其他人民的战略合作

EN: State Counselor of Myanmar Aung San Suu Kyi, Deputy Secretary of the Russian Federation's General Committee Reznianek, Treasurer of the U.S. National Republican Committee Anthony Parker,
ZH_REF: 缅甸国务资政昂山素季，俄罗斯统一俄罗斯党总委员会主席团副书记热列兹尼亚克，美国共和党全国委员会司库安东尼帕克。
ZH_HYP: 缅甸国家苏姬,副委员会副秘书,,副委员会副秘书,安东尼·帕克克,

EN: and Vice President of Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front and Deputy Prime Minister of the government Demeke respectively addressed the plenary session and spoke highly of Xi Jinping's proposal to build a community with a shared future for mankind
ZH_REF: 埃塞俄比亚人民革命民主阵线副主席、政府副总理德梅克在全体会议上分别致辞，高度评价习近平关于构建人类命运共同体
ZH_HYP: 埃塞俄比亚人民革命民主副主席和德梅克政府副总理分别在全体会议上讲话,高度评价习近平的建议,为人类共同共同的未来

EN: that concern both of our core interests and major concerns.
ZH_REF: 彼此理解、相互支持、协调配合。
ZH_HYP: 这既涉及我们的核心利益和主要的问题。

EN: The pragmatic cooperation in all fields has made positive progress, and the relations between our two countries have maintained a healthy momentum of sound and steady development.
ZH_REF: 各领域务实合作取得积极进展，两国关系保持健康稳定发展的良好势头。
ZH_HYP: 各领域务实合作取得了积极进展,两国关系保持健康健康的良好势头。

EN: Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese party and government will, as always, adhere to the principle of friendship with Myanmar and view bilateral relations from
ZH_REF: 习近平指出，中国党和政府将一如既往地奉行同缅甸友好方针，从战略高度和长远角度
ZH_HYP: 习近平指出,中国政府将一如既往地坚持与缅甸的友好关系,并从中国的双边关系中

EN: a strategic and long-term perspective.
ZH_REF: 看待两国关系
ZH_HYP: a战略和长期的观点。

EN: We are willing to work with Myanmar to firmly grasp the correct direction for the development of bilateral relations and implement all consensuses reached by both sides,
ZH_REF: 我们愿同缅方一道，牢牢把握中缅关系发展正确方向，落实好双方达成的各项共识。
ZH_HYP: 我们愿与缅甸一道,坚定地把握发展双边关系的正确方向,

EN: actively explore new points of growth for cooperation in building the economic corridor between China and Myanmar, and promote the sound and rapid development of bilateral relations
ZH_REF: 积极探讨建设中缅经济走廊等新的合作增长点，推动中缅关系又好又快发展
ZH_HYP: 积极探索新的发展,为两国关系的发展,促进两国关系的良好和快速发展

EN: Xi Jinping said that the 19th National Congress held in October this year is of great strategic significance to China.
ZH_REF: 习近平表示，今年十月召开的中共十九大对中国具有重大战略意义。
ZH_HYP: 习近平说,今年10月召开的十九次全国代表大会对中国具有重大意义。

EN: The Congress summed up all the work since the 18th CPC National Congress.
ZH_REF: 大会总结了中共十八大以来的各项工作。
ZH_HYP: 国会自第十八届会议以来的工作.

EN: It also regarded constructing a community with a shared future for mankind as a new direction of China's diplomatic efforts.
ZH_REF: 并将构建人类命运共同体作为新时代中国外交努力方向。
ZH_HYP: 它也将建设一个共同的社会,将其作为中国外交努力的新方向。

EN: Myanmar-China relations have a special significance for Myanmar. We have a long history of people-to-people friendship.
ZH_REF: 缅中关系对缅方而言具有特殊重要意义，我们有历史悠久的民间友好情谊。
ZH_HYP: 缅甸-中关系对缅甸具有特殊意义。

EN: There has also been close cooperation in mutual trust and respect for one another in recent years. We thank General Secretary Xi Jinping for attaching such great importance to the relations between the two countries. We fully feel the sincere friendship between the Chinese party and the government.
ZH_REF: 也有近年来相互信任、彼此尊重的密切合作，感谢习近平总书记对缅中关系的高度重视，我们充分感受到了中国党和政府的真诚友好情谊。
ZH_HYP: 近年来,我们在互信和尊重方面也有密切的合作,感谢习近平将军高度重视中方和政府之间的真诚友谊。

EN: Xi Jinping said Prime Minister Hun Sen is a good friend, old friend, and true friend of the Chinese party and people.
ZH_REF: 习近平表示，洪森首相是中国党和人民的好朋友、老朋友、真朋友。
ZH_HYP: 习近平说,洪森是一位好朋友,老朋友,以及中国党和人民的真正朋友。

EN: At present, relations between China and Cambodia are at their best in history.
ZH_REF: 当前，中柬关系处于历史最好时期
ZH_HYP: 目前,中柬的关系是历史上最美好的。

EN: Mutual political trust between the two countries has been continually enhanced, practical cooperation has continued to expand, and humanistic exchanges have become increasingly closer, which has brought tangible benefits to both peoples.
ZH_REF: 双方政治互信不断增强，务实合作持续扩大，人文交流日益密切，为两国人民带来了实实在在的利益。
ZH_HYP: 两国之间的政治互信不断加强,务实合作不断扩大,人文人文交流日益,给两国人民带来了实实在在的好处。

EN: Next year marks the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Cambodia, and we hope both sides will take this opportunity to celebrate the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries to push forward the in-depth development of bilateral relations and long-term stability.
ZH_REF: 明年是中柬建交六十周年，希望双方以庆祝两国建交六十周年为契机，推动两国关系深入发展、行稳致远。
ZH_HYP: 明年是中柬外交关系成立60周年,我们希望双方借此机会借此机会庆祝两国关系的发展,推动两国关系的深入发展和长期稳定。

EN: Cambodia has always given China strong support.
ZH_REF: 柬方始终给予中方坚定支持
ZH_HYP: 柬埔寨始终给予中国的支持。

EN: China has always supported Cambodia in taking a development path that matches its own national conditions and supported the Cambodian government's efforts
ZH_REF: 中方一贯支持柬埔寨走符合本国国情的发展道路， 支持柬政府
ZH_HYP: 中国一贯支持柬埔寨走上与本国国情的发展道路,支持柬埔寨政府的努力

EN: China is ready to work with Cambodia to actively expand strategic cooperation between the two countries and fully utilize the politically leading role of exchange between the two parties in relations between the two countries,
ZH_REF: 中方愿同柬方一道，积极拓展两国战略合作，发挥两党交往对两国关系的政治引领作用。
ZH_HYP: 中方愿与柬埔寨合作,积极扩大两国之间的战略合作,充分利用双方在两国关系中的作用,

EN: expand the depth of pragmatic cooperation, strengthen cooperation in the areas of defense and law enforcement and security, promote humanitistic exchanges, and work closely in cooperation and collaboration in multilateral mechanisms, such as the United Nations, East Asian cooperation, and Lancang-Mekong cooperation
ZH_REF: 拓展务实合作广度深度，加强防务及执法安全领域合作，促进人文交流，密切双方在联合国
ZH_HYP: 扩大务实合作的深度,加强国防、执法和安全领域的合作,在联合国、东亚合作等多边机制中密切合作与协作

EN: to work together to build an unbreakable community for a shared Sino-Cambodian future.
ZH_REF: 东亚合作、澜湄合作等多边机制中的协调和配合，携手打造牢不可破的中柬命运共同体。
ZH_HYP: 共同努力,为中的中的一个共同的。

EN: It made major political judgments on the socialism with Chinese characteristics entering into a new era, pointed out new changes in major social conflicts and defined
ZH_REF: 作出了中国特色社会主义进入新时代的重大政治判断 ，指出了社会主要矛盾的新变化，明确了
ZH_HYP: 对中国特色社会主义的中国特色社会主义作出了重大政治判断,指出了重大社会冲突的新变化,并了

EN: Hun Sen extended warm congratulations to Xi Jinping for winning the support of the entire party and the people throughout the country and for being reelected as General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee.
ZH_REF: 洪森对习近平得到全党全国人民拥护、再次当选中共中央总书记表示热烈祝贺。
ZH_HYP: 洪森向习近平表示热烈的祝贺,赢得全全国人民的支持,并为中国共产党中央央书记。

EN: He spoke highly of China holding this grand meeting of global political parties, a dialogue meeting between the Chinese Communist Party
ZH_REF: 高度评价中方举办中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会
ZH_HYP: 他对中国举行了这次全球政治会议,这是中国共产党之间的对话会议

EN: He said that China is a close partner of Cambodia with a high degree of confidence and full trust. Cambodia is satisfied with the relations between Cambodia and China.
ZH_REF: 他表示，中方是柬方高度信任和充分信赖的亲密伙伴，柬方对柬中关系感到满意。
ZH_HYP: 他说,中国是柬埔寨的一个密切的合作伙伴,对柬埔寨和中国的关系感到满意。

EN: and continue to improve our own ability and level of governance
ZH_REF: 不断提升自身执政能力和水平
ZH_HYP: 并继续提高我们自身的能力和治理水平

EN: Ding Xuexiang and Yang Jiechi attended the meeting.
ZH_REF: 丁薛祥、杨洁篪等参加上述会见。
ZH_HYP: 丁雪祥和杨洁篪出席了会议.

EN: On the 29th of November local time, Premier Li Keqiang of the State Council met with Russian President Vladimir Putin in the Kremlin in Moscow.
ZH_REF: 国务院总理李克强当地时间十一月二十九号 ，在莫斯科克里姆林宫会见俄罗斯总统普京。
ZH_HYP: 11月29日,国务院总理李克强在莫斯科会见了俄罗斯总统普京。

EN: Li Keqiang first conveyed President Xi Jinping's sincere greetings and good wishes to President Putin.
ZH_REF: 李克强首先转达了习近平主席对普京总统的诚挚问候和良好祝愿。
ZH_HYP: 李克强首先向普京总统致以真诚的问候和良好祝愿。

EN: Li Keqiang said that President Xi Jinping met with Putin in a successful meeting in Da Nang, Vietnam, shortly after the closing ceremony of the 19th CCP National Congress.
ZH_REF: 李克强表示，中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会闭幕后不久，习近平主席同普京总统在越南岘港成功会晤。
ZH_HYP: 李克强说,在第19届国家会议闭幕后不久,在越南国民党国家会议上与普京会面。

EN: Li Keqiang pointed out that at present, the economic cooperation between the two countries is taking solid steps. Cooperation in traditional areas has been continuously pushed forward and cooperation in new areas also made progress.
ZH_REF: 李克强指出，当前两国经济合作正迈出坚实步伐，传统领域合作持续推进，新领域合作也取得进展。
ZH_HYP: 李克强指出,目前两国经济合作采取了坚实的步骤,在传统领域的合作也取得了进展。

EN: China hopes to reinforce the connection between the Belt and Road Initiative and the Eurasian Economic Union.
ZH_REF: 中方愿将一带一路倡议同欧亚经济联盟加强对接。
ZH_HYP: 中国希望加强一路倡议与欧亚经济联盟的联系。

EN: Li Keqiang stressed that China is ready to step up its communication and coordination with Russia in international affairs.
ZH_REF: 李克强强调，中方愿同俄方加强在国际事务中的沟通协调。
ZH_HYP: 李克强强调,中国愿加紧与俄罗斯在国际事务中的沟通与协调。

EN: We will work closely for cooperation within multilateral frameworks such as the Shanghai Cooperation Organization to help seeking advancement while stabilizing cooperation in the region
ZH_REF: 密切在上海合作组织等多边框架内的合作， 共同助力地区合作稳中求进
ZH_HYP: 我们将在上海合作组织等多边框架内开展合作,帮助寻求推进发展的同时稳定合作

EN: and work to inject constructive force into the peaceful development of the world.
ZH_REF: 为世界的和平发展注入建设性力量
ZH_HYP: 并努力为世界和平发展注入建设性的力量。

EN: Putin welcomed Li Keqiang to Russia to attend the Prime Ministerial Meeting of SCO Member Countries.
ZH_REF: 普京欢迎李克强来俄出席上海合作组织成员国总理会议。
ZH_HYP: 普京欢迎李克强参加上海合作组织成员国总理会议。

EN: He expressed that
ZH_REF: 他表示
ZH_HYP: 他表示了

EN: at present, the trade between Russia and China has enjoyed good growth momentum and that cooperation in energy, transport infrastructure, agriculture and local areas has been actively promoted.
ZH_REF: 当前俄中贸易增长势头良好，能源、交通基础设施、农业、地方等领域合作积极推进。
ZH_HYP: 目前,俄罗斯与中国的贸易良好良好,能源、运输基础设施、农业和地方等领域的合作。

EN: The Eurasian Economic Union and the Belt and Road Initiative are complementary.
ZH_REF: 欧亚经济联盟和一带一路倡议具有互补性。
ZH_HYP: 欧亚经济联盟和一路倡议是相辅相成的。

EN: We hope that both sides will lead well in development strategy and better realize win-win, mutually beneficial cooperation.
ZH_REF: 希望双方对接好发展战略，更好实现互利双赢。
ZH_HYP: 我们希望双方都能在发展战略,更好互利共赢、互利共赢。

EN: Both sides also exchanged views on international and regional issues of common concern.
ZH_REF: 双方还就共同关心的国际和地区问题交换看法。
ZH_HYP: 双方还就共同关心的国际和区域问题交换了意见。

EN: Viewers, this is Russia's Sochi International Airport. At the invitation of Russian Prime Minister Medvedev, Premier Li Keqiang arrived here on the noon of the 30th, local time,
ZH_REF: 各位观众这里是俄罗斯索契国际机场， 应俄罗斯总理梅德韦杰夫邀请当地时间三十号中午国务院总理李克强抵达这里。
ZH_HYP: 观众,这是俄罗斯索契国际机场,应俄罗斯总理梅德韦杰夫的邀请,李克强在当地的30日中午来到这里。

EN: to attend the 16th Prime Ministerial Meeting of SCO Member Countries. Senior officials of the Russian government and the Chinese ambassador in Russia, Li Hui, welcomed him at the airport.
ZH_REF: 出席上海合作组织成员国总理第十六次会议， 俄罗斯政府高级官员和中国驻俄罗斯大使李辉等在机场迎接。
ZH_HYP: 出席上海合作组织成员国第16次会议,俄罗斯政府高级官员和中国驻俄罗斯大使李辉在机场欢迎他。

EN: Li Keqiang said that since its establishment 16 years ago, the SCO
ZH_REF: 李克强表示，上海合作组织成立十六年来
ZH_HYP: 李克强说,自从16年前成立以来,上海合作组织

EN: has become an important platform for maintaining regional security and stability and promoting common development and prosperity.
ZH_REF: 已经成为维护地区安全稳定、促进共同发展繁荣的重要平台。
ZH_HYP: 已成为维护地区安全与稳定、促进共同发展和繁荣的重要平台。

EN: I look forward to meeting with all parties in Sochi, the Pearl of the Black Sea, to sort out the results and tap potential after the first SCO enlargement.
ZH_REF: 我期待同各方齐聚黑海明珠索契，在上合组织首次扩员后，共同梳理成果，挖掘潜力。
ZH_HYP: 我期待着与索海的黑海的所有各方,在组织扩大后的成果和开发潜力。

EN: At this new starting point,
ZH_REF: 在新的起点上
ZH_HYP: 在这个新的起点上,

EN: On the afternoon of November 30th local time, Premier Li Keqiang met with Tajikistan Prime Minister Rasulzoda, Pakistani Prime Minister Abbasi and Uzbekistan Prime Minister Aripov in their hotel in Sochi.
ZH_REF: 当地时间十一月三十号下午，国务院总理李克强在索契下榻饭店会见塔吉克斯坦总理拉苏尔佐达，巴基斯坦总理阿巴西，乌兹别克斯坦总理阿里波夫。
ZH_HYP: 11月30日下午,李克强总理会见了塔吉克斯坦总理拉什拉扎达、巴基斯坦总理阿里夫总理和乌兹别克斯坦总理阿里夫。

EN: Rasulzoda said that China is welcome to continue to participate in power development, natural gas pipelines, transport facilities, and other important projects of Tajikistan.
ZH_REF: 拉苏尔佐达表示，欢迎中方继续参与塔电力开发、天然气管道、交通设施等重要项目。
ZH_HYP: 拉苏达说,中国欢迎中国继续参与电力开发、天然气管道、运输设施等重要项目。

EN: Tajikistan hopes to provide preferential policy support for Chinese enterprises.
ZH_REF: 塔方愿为中国企业提供优惠政策支持。
ZH_HYP: 塔吉克斯坦希望为中国企业提供优惠政策支持。

EN: When meeting with Abbasi, Li Keqiang said that China willl uphold its high level of political sincerity, explore the construction of a free trade area with Pakistan,
ZH_REF: 在会见阿巴西时李克强表示 ，中方愿秉持高度的政治诚意，同巴方探讨自贸区建设
ZH_HYP: 李克强在会见时,中国的政治诚意,探索与巴基斯坦建立自由贸易区的建设,

EN: promote the balanced development of trade between the two countries, and promote cooperation between the two countries.
ZH_REF: 促进双方贸易平衡发展， 推动两国企业加强合作。
ZH_HYP: 促进两国之间的贸易平衡发展,促进两国之间的合作。

EN: We thank Pakistan for its security guarantee provided to Chinese enterprises and citizens in Pakistan.
ZH_REF: 感谢巴方对中国在巴企业和公民提供的安全保障
ZH_HYP: 我们感谢巴基斯坦向中国企业和公民提供的安全保障。

EN: China is ready to continue its cooperation in security and defense with Pakistan and make contributions to regional peace and stability.
ZH_REF: 中方愿同巴方继续开展安全防务合作， 为地区和平稳定做出贡献。
ZH_HYP: 中方愿继续与巴基斯坦合作,为地区和平与稳定做出贡献。

EN: Li Keqiang pointed out that China welcomes Pakistan as an official member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization for its first time to attend the prime ministerial meeting and is willing to continue close communication and coordination with Pakistan in the multilateral agencies and regional affairs
ZH_REF: 李克强指出，中方欢迎巴基斯坦首次作为上海合作组织正式成员参加总理会， 愿继续同巴方密切在上合组织等多边机构
ZH_HYP: 李克强指出,中国欢迎巴基斯坦作为上海合作组织的正式成员,愿意在多边机构和区域事务中继续密切沟通与协调

EN: such as the SCO.
ZH_REF: 和地区事务中的沟通协调
ZH_HYP: 如上海合作组织。

EN: Abbasi said that the at present, the economic corridor construction in Pakistan and China is proceeding smoothly.
ZH_REF: 阿巴西表示，当前巴中经济走廊建设进展顺利。
ZH_HYP: 阿巴斯说,目前,巴基斯坦和中国经济走廊顺利进行。

EN: Pakistan will continue to make every effort to promote corridor construction
ZH_REF: 巴方将继续全力推进走廊建设
ZH_HYP: 巴基斯坦将继续尽一切努力促进走廊建设

EN: When meeting with Aripov, Li Keqiang said President Xi Jinping held a meeting with President Mirziyoyev, who has visited China in May of this year.
ZH_REF: 在会见阿里波夫时李克强表示，习近平主席同今年五月访华的米尔济约耶夫总统举行会晤。
ZH_HYP: 李克强在会见阿波夫时表示,习近平与总统米尔兹耶夫举行了会晤。

EN: Uzbekistan is ready to make joint efforts with China to strengthen cooperation in transportation facilities, hydropower, and other fields so as to promote the all-round development of bilateral relations and cooperation.
ZH_REF: 乌方愿同中方共同努力，加强交通设施、水电等领域合作，推动两国关系与合作全面发展。
ZH_HYP: 乌兹别克斯坦愿与中方共同努力,加强交通设施、水电等领域的合作,促进双边关系与合作的全面发展。

EN: Uzbekistan hopes to strengthen cooperation between the two countries within the SCO framework.
ZH_REF: 乌方愿加强两国在上合组织框架内合作。
ZH_HYP: 乌兹别克斯坦希望在上海合作组织框架内加强合作。

EN: The decisions on the Provisional Regulations will be implemented from the date of its promulgation.
ZH_REF: 暂行条例的决定， 自公布之日起施行。
ZH_HYP: 关于临时条例的决定将自颁布之日起施行。

EN: In accordance with the plan of the Central Party Committee and the State Council, a pilot project to replace the business tax with a value-added tax was launched in 2012 and was fully launched from May 1, 2016.
ZH_REF: 按照党中央国务院的部署，二零一二年启动营业税改征增值税试点， 二零一六年五月一号全面推开。
ZH_HYP: 根据中央委员会和国务院的计划,2012年启动了以增值税的试点项目,从2016年5月1日起开始。

EN: After launching the pilots to replace the business tax with a value-added tax,
ZH_REF: 全面推开营改增试点后
ZH_HYP: 在推出试点后,以增值税取代营业税,

EN: the service fields previously having a business tax have uniformly levied value-added taxes. The business tax that has been implemented for more than 60 years has been virtually eliminated,
ZH_REF: 原来施行营业税的服务业领域已统一征收增值税，实质上全面取消了实施六十多年的营业税 。
ZH_HYP: 以前实行的60多年的营业税已被取消,已实施的60多年的营业税已被取消,

EN: and delivered a congratulatory speech on behalf of the CPC Central Committee.
ZH_REF: 并代表中共中央致贺词
ZH_HYP: 并代表中共中央委员会发表了祝贺。

EN: The congratulatory speech pointed out that since the 18th CPC National Congress, the party and the country have made historic achievements, and historic changes have taken place.
ZH_REF: 贺词指出， 中共十八大以来，党和国家事业取得了历史性成就、 发生了历史性变革。
ZH_HYP: 祝贺的讲话指出,自第十八届会议以来,党和国家取得了历史性的成就,历史性的变化。

EN: The united front and multi-party cooperation have made important contributions.
ZH_REF: 统一战线和多党合作作出了重要贡献。
ZH_HYP: 联合阵线和多党合作已作出了重要贡献。

EN: Over the past five years, the China Association Promoting Democracy has upheld the principle of providing assistance to the ruling party, fulfilling its duties for the country, and serving the people,
ZH_REF: 五年来，民进秉持为执政党助力、为国家尽责、为人民服务的使命担当
ZH_HYP: 过去五年来,中国民主促进民主的坚持党的原则,为人民服务,

EN: conduct extensive and in-depth investigations and studies, actively offer suggestions and opinions,
ZH_REF: 广泛深入调研，积极建言献策
ZH_HYP: 进行广泛深入调查和研究,积极提供意见和意见,

EN: and make new contributions to implementation of the strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education, the strategy of strengthening the country by employing qualified personnel and the strategy of innovation-driven development,
ZH_REF: 为实施科教兴国战略、人才强国战略、创新驱动发展战略等作出新贡献。
ZH_HYP: 为贯彻执行国家战略,为实施国家战略,创新创新战略,创新创新战略,

EN: accurately grasp the requirements of building socialist participating parties with Chinese characteristics, earnestly perform the functions of participating in politics and discussing politics, supervising democratically and participating in the political consultation under the leadership of the Communist Party of China.
ZH_REF: 准确把握建设中国特色社会主义参政党的要求，切实履行好参政议政、民主监督、参加中国共产党领导的政治协商职能。
ZH_HYP: 准确把握中国特色社会主义党的要求,认真履行政治、民主、民主、在中国共产党领导下的政治协商。

EN: and promote a new level of self-building.
ZH_REF: 推进自身建设迈上新台阶
ZH_HYP: 并促进新的的自我建设。

EN: Zhang Baowen, Vice President of the NPC Standing Committee and President of the NLD, delivered a congratulatory message on behalf of the Central Committee of the Democratic Parties and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce.
ZH_REF: 全国人大常委会副委员长、民盟中央主席张宝文代表各民主党派中央、全国工商联致贺词。
ZH_HYP: 全国人大常委会副主席张�文代表民主党派中央委员会和中国全国商会主席致词。

EN: Yan Junqi, Executive President of the presidium of the General Assembly, delivered a working report on behalf of the 13th Central Committee of the People's Republic of China.
ZH_REF: 大会主席团常务主席严隽琪代表民进第十三届中央委员会作工作报告。
ZH_HYP: 大会主席团主席延军主席延军主席代表中华人民共和国中央委员会发表了一份工作报告。

EN: Liu Yandong, You Quan, Qiangba Puncog, Zhang Qingli,
ZH_REF: 刘延东、尤权、向巴平措、张庆黎
ZH_HYP: 刘延,你,,,,,张庆

EN: and the review has approved the Articles (Amendments) of the China Association Promoting Democracy, and will select the 14th Central Committee of the China Association Promoting Democracy.
ZH_REF: 审议通过《中国民主促进会章程（修正案）》， 选举中国民主促进会第十四届中央委员会。
ZH_HYP: 审查核批准了中国民主民主的文章(修正案),并将选中中国民主促进民主的第十四中央委员会。

EN: In news delivered to this station, in tomorrow People's Daily, the article "Making Unremitting Efforts Towards the Goal of Building a Cyberpower, the Strategic Review On General Secretary Xi Jinping's Leadership on Promoting a Cyberpower" will be published.
ZH_REF: 本台消息明天出版的人民日报将发表《朝着建设网络强国目标不懈努力，习近平总书记引领推动网络强国战略综述》。
ZH_HYP: 在《人民日报》在《人民日报》上发表的新闻中,将发表《关于促进网络力的目标的文章,十一大金平总书记习近平的领导力的战略检讨

EN: and the Forge Ahead Five-Year Major Achievements Exhibition.
ZH_REF: 和砥砺奋进的五年大型成就展
ZH_HYP: 而在五年的主要成就成就。

EN: We regard China as the world's future development direction. In particular, Marxism-Leninism is not a dogma. It is a philosophy, and must be adapted to the development of the country itself.
ZH_REF: 我们将中国视为世界未来的发展方向，特别是马克思列宁主义并不是一种教条它是一种哲学，必须适应国家本身的发展。
ZH_HYP: 我们把中国作为世界的发展方向,特别是马克思列宁主义不是教条,而是一种哲学,必须适应国家发展。

EN: This is what the Chinese Communist Party is doing.
ZH_REF: 这就是中国共产党正在做的
ZH_HYP: 这是中国共产党的做的。

EN: The 16th National Congress of Chinese Peasants' and Workers' Democratic Party was closed in Beijing on December 1. The conference successfully completed its entire agenda, and voted upon and approved
ZH_REF: 中国农工民主党第十六次全国代表大会十二月一号在京闭幕，大会圆满完成各项议程，表决通过了
ZH_HYP: 12月1日,中国农民工党第十六届全国代表大会于12月1日在北京结束,并通过了

EN: the Resolution of the 16th National Congress of the Chinese Peasants' and Workers' Democratic Party, the 16th National Congress of the Chinese Peasants' and Workers' Democratic Party, Resolution on the Report of the 15th Central Committee.
ZH_REF: 中国民工民主党第十六次全国代表大会决议， 中国民工民主党第十六次全国代表大会， 关于第十五届中央委员会报告的决议。
ZH_HYP: 中国农民工民主党第十六届全国代表大会、中国农民民主党十六大代表大会,关于十五届中央委员会报告的决议。

EN: comprehensively strengthen self-construction, and resolutely implement the work arrangements of the 16th Chinese Peasants' and Workers' Democratic Party, and
ZH_REF: 全面加强自身建设， 坚决贯彻落实农工党十六大各项工作部署。
ZH_HYP: 全面加强建设,坚决落实第16届中国农民工党的工作安排,

EN: with a new spirit and high-spirited attitude
ZH_REF: 以崭新的精神面貌和昂扬的奋斗姿态
ZH_HYP: 有新的精神和高的态度

EN: write a brilliant chapter worthy of a new era.
ZH_REF: 谱写无愧于新时代的灿烂篇章
ZH_HYP: 写一篇值得一个新时代的精彩的.

EN: The review has approved the amendment to the constitution of the Jiu San Society and decided to submit it to the 11th National Congress of Jiu San Society for review.
ZH_REF: 审议通过九三学社章程修正案并决定提交九三学社第十一次全国代表大会审议。
ZH_HYP: 审查批准了《联检组社会章程》修正案,并决定将其提交给联检组第11届全国代表大会。

EN: to help more than 10,000 tourists return home safely.
ZH_REF: 已经协助一万多名游客安全回国
ZH_HYP: 为了帮助1万多名游客返回家园。

EN: At present, the airport in Bali is still temporarily open.
ZH_REF: 截至目前，巴厘岛机场仍处于临时开放状态。
ZH_HYP: 目前,巴厘岛机场仍开放。

EN: Thanks to changing wind direction, volcanic ash from the Agung volcano began to spread southward,
ZH_REF: 由于风向改变，阿贡火山喷出的火山灰 开始向南扩散
ZH_HYP: 由于风向风向,火山火山火山灰开始向南南展开。

EN: affecting the airport in Bali and air routes.
ZH_REF: 影响到巴厘岛机场及航路
ZH_HYP: 影响巴厘岛和航空航线。

EN: To ensure safety, airline flight crews assisting stranded tourists to return home have made plans for the impact of
ZH_REF: 为了保障安全，前往协助滞留游客回国的各航空公司机组对火山灰影响
ZH_HYP: 为确保安全,协助困境的旅客返回家园的航班计划

EN: As the Agung volcano is still erupting, the local airport may also be closed at any time, and the airline reminds passengers to return as soon as possible.
ZH_REF: 由于阿贡火山还在持续喷发，当地机场还可能随时关闭， 航空公司提醒旅客尽快回国。
ZH_HYP: 由于阿加火山爆发,当地的机场也可能关闭,航空公司航空公司提醒乘客尽快返回。

EN: The volcano erupted violently in 1963,
ZH_REF: 这座火山一九六三年剧烈喷发
ZH_HYP: 1963年火山爆发,

EN: killing more than a thousand people.
ZH_REF: 曾造成一千多人死亡
ZH_HYP: 杀害一千多人。

EN: We cannot predict whether this eruption will be larger than the 1963 eruption.
ZH_REF: 我们无法预测此次喷发是否会比一九六三年的那次规模更大。
ZH_HYP: 我们无法预测这次爆发的规模是否会大于1963年的爆发爆发。

EN: However, according to our assessment, there is still a high possibility of a massive eruption.
ZH_REF: 但根据我们的评估，出现大规模喷发的可能性依然很高。
ZH_HYP: 然而,根据我们的评估,仍有可能爆发大规模爆发的可能性。

EN: Since the evening of the 29th, there have been 57 flights of Chinese and foreign airlines to help Chinese tourists in Bali to return home.
ZH_REF: 从二十九号晚上开始，已经有五十七架中外航空公司班机，协助巴厘岛中国游客回国。
ZH_HYP: 自29日晚,中国和外国航空公司有57次航班,帮助中国游客回国。

EN: Finally, we came back and got off the plane. Our mood is better when returning to our own country.
ZH_REF: 终于回来，下了飞机，到了自己的国家的心情也好
ZH_HYP: 最后,我们回到了飞机,我们的心情心情好。

EN: It is said that among all foreign tourists stranded in Bali, China has the largest number, accounting for about a quarter.
ZH_REF: 据了解滞留巴厘岛的外国游客中，中国游客最多，约占四分之一。
ZH_HYP: 据悉,在所有外国游客中,中国的游客数量最大,约占了四分之一。

EN: At present, most Chinese tourists have already returned to China.
ZH_REF: 目前大部分中国游客都已经回国。
ZH_HYP: 目前,中国游客已经返回中国。

EN: Tonight, there will be 10 flights to help stranded tourists returning home.
ZH_REF: 今晚，还将有十架飞机陆续前往协助滞留游客回国。
ZH_HYP: 今晚,有10次航班帮助困境的游客。

EN: Xinwen Lianbo news bulletins are next.
ZH_REF: 下面请看联播快讯。
ZH_HYP: 新安安博新闻公报》.

EN: Today, the Xinjiang Oilfield Company of the China National Petroleum Corporation officially announced that they have discovered the world's largest reserves of conglomerated oil fields in the center of the Mahu Area in the Junggar Basin. The tertiary petroleum reserves discovered exceed 1.2 billion tons.
ZH_REF: 今天，中石油新疆油田公司正式发布， 在准噶尔盆地玛湖凹陷中心区发现世界储量最大的砾岩油田，已发现的三级石油地质储量超过十二亿吨 。
ZH_HYP: 今天,中国石油公司新疆油田公司的新疆油田公司正式宣布,在噶尔盆地的最大的石油储量超过12亿吨。

EN: Among which, 520 million tons of reserves are proved to be crude oil.
ZH_REF: 其中探明五点二亿吨原油储量
ZH_HYP: 其中5.2亿吨储备被证明是原油。

EN: in parallel sessions.
ZH_REF: 分别同步与叙政府和反对派代表团进行了会谈
ZH_HYP: 在平行会议。

EN: The end date of this peace talks will be postponed to December 15.
ZH_REF: 而本轮和谈的结束日期将推迟至十二月十五号。
ZH_HYP: 这次和平会谈的结束日期将推迟到12月15日。

EN: This round of peace talk is held under new conditions, given that extremist groups have been annihilated from their main forces in Syria.
ZH_REF: 本轮和谈是极端组织在叙利亚境内主要力量被歼灭的新形势下召开的。
ZH_HYP: 这一轮和平会谈是在新的条件下进行的,因为极端主义团体在叙利亚的主要部队中消灭。

EN: Today, an agricultural training institute in Peshawar, a city in northwestern Pakistan, was attacked. Several attackers camouflaged themselves and entered the institute and exchanged fire with Pakistani security personnel when they arrived.
ZH_REF: 巴基斯坦西北部城市白沙瓦的农业培训学院今天遭袭，多名袭击者伪装后潜入学院，并与赶到的巴基斯坦安全人员发生交火。
ZH_HYP: 今天,巴基斯坦西北部西北白沙瓦的农业训练研究所遭到袭击,几名袭击者自自己伪装,进入巴基斯坦保安人员。

EN: Four attackers were killed. The attack resulted in the death of nine students and the wounding of dozens of others. The injured were sent to a nearby hospital for treatment.
ZH_REF: 四名袭击者被击毙。袭击事件导致九名学生身亡，数十人受伤，伤者已被送往附近医院治疗。
ZH_HYP: 4名袭击者被杀,造成9名学生死亡,几十名受伤受伤,受伤者送往附近的医院治疗。

EN: The Taliban in Pakistan has claimed the responsibility for the attack.
ZH_REF: 巴基斯坦塔利班已经宣称对袭击负责。
ZH_HYP: 巴基斯坦的塔利班声称对这次袭击负责。

EN: An earthquake measuring 6.1 on the Richter scale hit southeast Iran today, injuring more than 30 people.
ZH_REF: 伊朗东南部地区今天发生里氏六点一级地震，已造成三十多人受伤。
ZH_HYP: 今天,在氏6.1级地震,地震造成30多人受伤。

EN: The epicenter of the earthquake was in the province of Coleman, with a focal depth of about 10 kilometers. The earthquake also damaged more than 30 houses.
ZH_REF: 地震震中位于科尔曼省境内，震源深度在十公里左右，地震还造成三十多间房屋受损。
ZH_HYP: 地震的震中在科尔曼省,有一个约10公里的协调中心,地震也破坏了30多座房屋。

EN: He hopes to substantially increase the share of non-energy income in the Russian economy to reduce the impact of fluctuations in the oil market on the economy of Russia.
ZH_REF: 他希望大幅提高非能源领域收入在俄经济中的比重，以减小石油市场波动对俄经济的影响。
ZH_HYP: 他希望大幅提高俄罗斯经济中非能源收入的份额,以减少石油市场对俄罗斯经济的影响。

EN: Since 2014, due to the sanctions imposed by the West on Russia and drastic fluctuations in the international oil price, the Russian economy has been under great downward pressure.
ZH_REF: 二零一四年以来，受西方对俄制裁和国际油价大幅波动影响，俄经济面临较大下行压力。
ZH_HYP: 自2014年以来,由于西方对俄罗斯实施的制裁,国际石油价格大幅波动。

EN: In both 2015 and 2016,
ZH_REF: 二零一五年和二零一六年
ZH_HYP: 2015年和2016年,

EN: The rescue timetable has been extended more than twice to locate survivors.
ZH_REF: 为了找到生还艇员，救援时间已经延长了两倍多。
ZH_HYP: 救援时间表已延长了两倍以上。

EN: Some experts pointed out that because the time has exceeded the theoretical reserves of oxygen in the submarine,
ZH_REF: 有专家指出 由于失联时间已经超过了潜艇氧气理论储备时间
ZH_HYP: 一些专家指出,由于时间的时间超过了潜艇中的氧的理论量,

EN: and unexplained explosions have been detected in the vicinity of the watershed, these crew members are very unlikely to have survived.
ZH_REF: 加上失联附近海域被检测到有不明原因的爆炸发生，这些艇员幸存的可能性非常低。
ZH_HYP: 在流域附近发现了未解释的爆炸,这些船员们的成员不可能幸存下来。

EN: Today, an explosion in a chemical plant occurred in Fuji City, Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan,
ZH_REF: 日本静冈县富士市一个化工厂今天发生爆炸事件
ZH_HYP: 今天,日本富士冈州富士古市发生了爆炸事件

EN: killed one person and injured 11, of which three were seriously injured.
ZH_REF: 已导致一人死亡，十一人受伤，其中三人伤势严重。
ZH_HYP: 杀死一人,11人受伤。

EN: Due to possible harmful substances in the black smoke caused by the explosion and subsequent fires, the local government has issued evacuation instructions to surrounding residents.
ZH_REF: 由于爆炸以及之后的火情引发的黑烟中可能含有有害物质，当地政府已向周边居民下达避难指示。
ZH_HYP: 由于爆炸和随后的火灾,可能造成的黑烟中可能出现的有害物质,地方政府向周围居民发出疏散指示。

EN: Good evening, viewers.
ZH_REF: 各位观众晚上好。
ZH_HYP: 晚安,观众。

EN: Good evening.
ZH_REF: 晚上好。
ZH_HYP: 晚上好。

EN: Today is Saturday, December 2, also is October 15 of the lunar calendar. Welcome to Xinwen Lianbo.
ZH_REF: 今天是十二月二号星期六农历十月十五，欢迎收看新闻联播节目。
ZH_HYP: 今天是12月2日,11月2日,也是10月15日,欢迎新安文。

EN: In tonight's program, we cover
ZH_REF: 今天节目的主要内容有。
ZH_HYP: 在今晚的节目中,我们

EN: General Secretary Xi Jinping’s opening speech which commenced a high-level dialog between the CPC and other world political parties.
ZH_REF: 习近平总书记在中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会开幕式上的主旨讲话赢得热烈反响。
ZH_HYP: 总书记习近平的开幕词,在中国共产党和世界其他政党之间展开了高级别对话。

EN: Li Keqiang attended the 16th session of the Meeting of Prime Ministers and Heads of Government for Member States of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization.
ZH_REF: 李克强出席上海合作组织成员国政府首脑总理理事会第十六次会议
ZH_HYP: 李克强出席了上海合作组织成员国总理和政府首脑会议。

EN: Li Keqiang respectively met with the Russian Prime Minister, Kyrgyzstan Prime Minister,
ZH_REF: 李克强分别会见俄罗斯总理、吉尔吉斯斯坦总理
ZH_HYP: 李克强分别会见了俄罗斯总理、总理、

EN: Belarusian Prime Minister, Prime Minister of Kazakhstan and Chief Executive Officer of Afghanistan,
ZH_REF: 白俄罗斯总理、哈萨克斯坦总理和阿富汗首席执行官
ZH_HYP: 白俄罗斯总理兼阿富汗首席执行干事,

EN: Zhang Dejiang met collectively with some foreign delegates who attended the high-level dialog between the Chinese Communist Party and world political parties
ZH_REF: 张德江集体会见出席中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会的部分
ZH_HYP: 张德江与一些外国代表共同参加了中国共产党和世界政党之间的高级别对话

EN: and met with guests from Japan and the United States respectively.
ZH_REF: 外方代表汪洋分别会见日本和美国客人。
ZH_HYP: 并与来自日本和美国的客人见面。

EN: The 15th National Congress of the China Party for Public Interest was opened. Wang Huning, on behalf of the CPC Central Committee, delivered a congratulatory message.
ZH_REF: 中国致公党第十五次全国代表大会开幕，王沪宁代表中共中央致贺词。
ZH_HYP: 中国共产党第15届全国代表大会已开幕。王王宁代表中国共产党中央央发出了贺词。

EN: Wang Huning met collectively with some foreign delegates who attended the high-level dialog between the Chinese Communist Party
ZH_REF: 王沪宁集体会见出席中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会的
ZH_HYP: 王王朝与一些外国代表会面,参加了中国共产党高层对话对话

EN: Flynn, Assistant to the former President for National Security Affairs, admitted that he gave a false testimony to the FBI.
ZH_REF: 前总统国家安全事务助理弗林承认曾经向联邦调查局作伪证。
ZH_HYP: 前国家安全事务助理助理弗林承认他向fbi提供了假的证词。

EN: Detailed reports are next.
ZH_REF: 接下来请看详细报道。
ZH_HYP: 详细报告是下一步。

EN: On December 1, the General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and President Xi Jinping made a keynote speech at the opening ceremony fior the high-level dialog between the Chinese Communist Party and world political parties and he pointed out that
ZH_REF: 十二月一号，中共中央总书记、国家主席习近平在中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会开幕式上发表主旨讲话指出
ZH_HYP: 12月1日,中国共产党中央委员会总书记和习近平在开幕式上发表了中国共产党与世界政党高层对话对话的主旨发言,并指出

EN: The future and the destinies of the citizens of every country in the world are increasingly linked.
ZH_REF: 世界各国人民前途命运越来越紧密地联系在一起。
ZH_HYP: 世界各国公民的未来和命运都日益紧密。

EN: There should be a unified idea throughout the globe where all people of the world can can understand each other.
ZH_REF: 世界各国人民应该秉持天下一家理念，彼此理解。
ZH_HYP: 在全球各地,应该有一个统一的想法,世界上的所有人都能相互理解。

EN: Attending representatives of foreign parties agreed with Xi Jinping’s proposal to promote building a community who believe in a shared future for mankind who can build a better world together.
ZH_REF: 出席对话会的外国政党代表高度认同习近平关于推动构建人类命运共同体，携手建设美好世界的主张。
ZH_HYP: 参加外国代表的同意习近平的建议,即促进建设一个共同未来的共享的共享未来的社区。

EN: They believe that
ZH_REF: 认为
ZH_HYP: 他们相信

EN: this shows the determination and responsibility of the Chinese Communist Party in building a better world.
ZH_REF: 这展现出中国共产党建设美好世界的决心与担当。
ZH_HYP: 这表明了中国共产党在建设一个更美好的世界中的决心和责任。

EN: We should strive to build this planet where we were born and grow into a harmonious family where our shared yearning for a good life for all the people of the world can be turned into a reality.
ZH_REF: 努力把我们生于斯、长于斯的这个星球建成一个和睦的大家庭，把世界各国人民对美好生活的向往变成现实。
ZH_HYP: 我们应该努力建立这个星球,并成长为一个和谐的家庭,我们为世界所有人的美好生活而共同渴望的共享可以变成现实。

EN: Facing nearly 300 leaders from political parties and political organizations, Xi Jinping comprehensively and systematically expounded the profound idea of a community that shares a positive future for mankind.
ZH_REF: 面向世界近三百个政党和政治组织领导人，习近平全面系统阐述人类命运共同体的深刻内涵。
ZH_HYP: 面对来自政党和政治组织的近300名领导人,习近平全面全面,阐述了一个社会对人类的积极的。

EN: Xi Jinping pointed out that the world is changing and the pattern of development is changing.
ZH_REF: 习近平指出，世界格局在变，发展格局在变。
ZH_HYP: 习近平指出,世界正在发生变化,发展格局正在发生变化。

EN: All political parties must conform to the trend of the times and closely integrate their own development with the development of the country, the nation
ZH_REF: 各个政党都要顺应时代发展潮流，把自身发展同国家、民族、人类的发展
ZH_HYP: 所有政党都必须顺应时代潮流,把自己的发展与国家发展紧密结合

EN: There is also the shared aim in making a contribution toward the common development of the world and the exchange and mutual recognition of world civilizations.
ZH_REF: 一如既往为世界共同发展作贡献，一如既往为世界文明交流互鉴作贡献。
ZH_HYP: 共同目标也是为世界的共同发展和世界文明的交流和相互承认。

EN: Xi Jinping’s speech clearly proclaimed China’s commitment to building a community of a shared future for mankind and, as the largest political party in the world, demonstrated the world’s unified feelings and responsibilities.
ZH_REF: 习近平的讲话明确宣示了构建人类命运共同体的中国承诺，彰显了中国共产党作为世界上最大政党的天下情怀与担当。
ZH_HYP: 习近平的言论明确宣布中国中国致力于建设一个共享未来的社会,作为世界上最大的政党,表明了世界上的统一的和责任。

EN: In his speech, Li Keqiang said that at the Astana Summit in June this year, President Xi Jinping reached an important consensus with all parties on consolidating mutual trust, strengthening cooperation for security, connecting development strategies and deepening exchanges for the betterment of humanity.
ZH_REF: 李克强在讲话时表示，今年六月阿斯塔纳峰会上，习近平主席同各方就巩固团结互信、加强安全合作、对接发展战略、深化人文交流等达成重要共识。
ZH_HYP: 李克强在演讲中说,在今年6月的阿斯塔纳峰会上,习近平与各方各方就巩固互信、加强合作、发展战略和深化人类交流达成了重要共识。

EN: After the summit, China took over the rotating presidency.
ZH_REF: 峰会后，中方接任轮值主席国。
ZH_HYP: 峰会结束后,中国接任主席国.

EN: With active support from all parties, it is necessary to promote the steady development of cooperation in various fields.
ZH_REF: 在各方积极支持下，推动各领域合作稳步发展。
ZH_HYP: 在各方的积极支持下,必须推动各领域的合作。

EN: Li Keqiang put forward the following suggestions on how to create a regional and national community of a shared future for mankind.
ZH_REF: 李克强就打造地区国家命运共同体提出以下建议。
ZH_HYP: 李克强就如何建立一个区域和国家社会共同未来的建议。

EN: First, a safe and stable regional environment must be created.
ZH_REF: 第一，塑造安全稳定的地区环境。
ZH_HYP: 首先,必须创造一个安全和稳定的区域环境。

EN: Second, the development for strategic docking and cooperation must be accelerated.
ZH_REF: 第二，加快发展战略对接合作。
ZH_HYP: 二是加快发展战略发展。

EN: Development is an effective way to deal with the factors of regional conflicts and geopolitical instability.
ZH_REF: 发展是应对地区冲突和地缘政治不稳定因素的有效途径。
ZH_HYP: 发展是处理区域冲突和地缘政治不稳定因素的有效途径。

EN: Third, the level of trade liberalization and facilitation is to be enhanced.
ZH_REF: 第三，提升贸易自由化便利化水平
ZH_HYP: 第三,贸易自由化和便利化水平。

EN: We must steadily promote trade liberalization and facilitation and accelerate the signing of the SCO Agreement on Trade Facilitation.
ZH_REF: 稳步推进贸易自由化便利化，加快商签《上合组织贸易便利化协定》。
ZH_HYP: 我们必须稳步推进贸易自由化和便利化,加快签署本组织关于贸易便利化协定。

EN: Fourth, a fast and convenient connected pattern must be built.
ZH_REF: 第四，构建快捷便利的联通格局。
ZH_HYP: 第四,必须建立一个快速捷捷的连接模式.

EN: Fifth, the in-depth development on capacity and innovation cooperation is to be promoted.
ZH_REF: 第五，推进产能与创新合作深入发展。
ZH_HYP: 第五,将促进能力与创新合作。

EN: Sixth, ties of cultural exchanges and cooperation are to be tightened.
ZH_REF: 第六，系牢人文交流合作纽带。
ZH_HYP: 六、文化交流与合作的关系。

EN: Li Keqiang stressed that since the beginning of this year, China’s economy has shifted to a phase of high-quality development, which will bring new opportunities for the cooperation between China and the SCO countries.
ZH_REF: 李克强强调，今年以来，中国经济已转向高质量发展阶段，将为中国与上合组织国家的合作带来新机遇。
ZH_HYP: 李克强强调,今年初,中国经济已开始高质量发展,为中国与上海合作组织国家的合作带来新的机遇。

EN: China will put its own development in connection with the development of the countries in the region and integrate its own security with the security of the countries in the region.
ZH_REF: 中国将把自身发展同地区国家发展对接起来，把自身安全同地区国家安全融合起来。
ZH_HYP: 中国将把自己的发展与本地区各国的发展发展起来,把自己的安全与本地区各国的安全结合起来。

EN: On December 1 local time, Premier Li Keqiang met with Russian Prime Minister Medvedev, Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan Isakov,
ZH_REF: 当地时间十二月一号，国务院总理李克强在索契分别会见俄罗斯总理梅德韦杰夫、吉尔吉斯斯坦总理伊萨科夫。
ZH_HYP: 12月1日,李克强总理会见了俄罗斯总理梅德韦杰夫总理,

EN: continue to show their roles for the SCO, contribute to provide wisdom and strength for building a community of a shared future for mankind in the region and promote an open and inclusive development for lasting peace throughout the world.
ZH_REF: 继续发挥上合组织的平台作用，为共同构建地区命运共同体、促进世界的开放包容发展与持久和平贡献智慧和力量。
ZH_HYP: 继续为本组织发挥的作用,为本地区建立共同的共同未来,促进为人类共同未来的建设一个共同的,促进世界持久和平的发展。

EN: When meeting with Isakov, Li Keqiang said he hopes both sides will continue to follow the principle of the market and speed up cooperation on cross-border transport infrastructure and construction,
ZH_REF: 在会见伊萨科夫时，李克强表示，希望双方继续遵循市场化原则，加快推进有关跨境交通基础设施建设合作。
ZH_HYP: 李克强在会见伊科夫时表示,希望双方继续遵循市场原则,加快跨境运输基础设施和建设,

EN: During his meeting with Kobyakov, Li Keqiang said he hopes both China and Belarus will further strengthen the docking of development strategies, give full play to their complementary advantages and tap the potential for economic, trade and investment cooperation.
ZH_REF: 在会见科比亚科夫时，李克强表示，希望中白双方进一步加强发展战略对接，发挥互补优势、挖掘经贸、投资合作潜力。
ZH_HYP: 李克强在会见中,李克强说,希望中两国将进一步加强发展战略的接,充分发挥经济、贸易和投资合作潜力。

EN: Kobyakov said that Belarus will participate in the International Import Expo which will be held in China next year, and hopes to set 2018 as the year of a rise in tourism between China and Belarus and to expand tourism cooperation and the exchange of tourism in young people.
ZH_REF: 科比亚科夫表示，白方将参与明年在华举办的国际进口博览会，希望将二零一八年确定为白中旅游年，扩大旅游合作和青少年交流。
ZH_HYP: 科比科夫说,白俄罗斯将参加明年在中国举行的国际进口博览会,希望将2018年为中国与白俄罗斯旅游旅游的一年,扩大旅游合作和旅游交流。

EN: During his meeting with Sagintayev, Li Keqiang said he hopes both China and Kazakhstan will continue to work together
ZH_REF: 在会见萨金塔耶夫时，李克强表示，希望中哈双方继续共同努力。
ZH_HYP: 李克强在会见中,李克强说,他希望中国和哈萨克斯坦将继续共同努力

EN: to implement the various consensuses they had reached
ZH_REF: 落实业已达成的各项共识
ZH_HYP: 落实已达成的各项共识

EN: and strengthen its discussion of relevant achievements and experiences, push forward pragmatic cooperation between both sides, especially the cooperation in capacity-building to make greater strides forward.
ZH_REF: 并加强对有关成果和经验的梳理，推动双方务实合作，特别是产能合作以更大步伐向前迈进。
ZH_HYP: 加强对相关成果和经验的讨论,推动双方务实合作,推进能力建设,推进。

EN: Sagintayev said Kazakhstan is willing to actively implement the important consensus reached by the leaders of the two countries and create favorable conditions for further promoting cooperation in maintaining capacity.
ZH_REF: 萨金塔耶夫表示，哈方愿积极落实好两国领导人达成的重要共识，为进一步推进产能合作创造良好条件。
ZH_HYP: 萨加塔耶夫说,哈萨克斯坦愿意积极落实两国领导人达成的重要共识,为进一步促进合作的合作创造有利条件。

EN: During his meeting with Abdullah, Li Keqiang said China supports Afghanistan in its governmental efforts to safeguard national security and stability.
ZH_REF: 在会见阿卜杜拉时，李克强表示，中方支持阿民族团结政府维护国家安全稳定的努力。
ZH_HYP: 李克强在会见中,李克强说,中国支持阿富汗政府维护国家安全与稳定。

EN: to work hard together to establish a stable and safe regional environment and promote long-term peace and stability in the region at an early date.
ZH_REF: 共同努力致力于稳定安全的地区环境建设，早日推动实现区域长治久安
ZH_HYP: 共同努力,建立稳定和安全的地区环境,促进该地区的长期和平与稳定。

EN: Abdullah said that
ZH_REF: 阿卜杜拉表示
ZH_HYP: 阿卜杜拉说:

EN: On the afternoon of the same day, Li Keqiang and Medvedev jointly visited the Winter Olympic Games venue in the Olympic Park in Sochi.
ZH_REF: 李克强当天下午同梅德韦杰夫共同参观了索契奥利匹克公园的冬奥会场馆。
ZH_HYP: 当天下午,李克强和梅德韦杰夫在索契的冬奥会场。

EN: Li Keqiang said that China is now fully preparing for the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympic Games.
ZH_REF: 李克强表示，现在中国正在全力筹办二零二二年北京冬奥会。
ZH_HYP: 李克强说,中国正在充分筹备2022年北京冬季奥林匹克运动会。

EN: Premier Li Keqiang left Sochi and senior officials from the Russian government went to the airport to say their farewells.
ZH_REF: 李克强总理离开索契回国，俄罗斯政府高级官员到机场送行。
ZH_HYP: 李克强总理离开索契和俄罗斯政府高级官员前往机场,告别。

EN: On the morning of December 2, the Premier of the State Council Li Keqiang successfully attended the Sixth Summit of Heads of Government from China and Central and Eastern European Countries held in Budapest, Hungary,
ZH_REF: 十二月二号上午，国务院总理李克强在成功出席于匈牙利布达佩斯举行的第六次中国中东欧国家领导人会晤
ZH_HYP: 12月2日上午,国务院总理李克强总理出席了在匈牙利布达佩斯举行的中国中欧和东欧国家元首峰会。

EN: He took the special plane back to Beijing.
ZH_REF: 第十六次会议后，乘专机回到北京。
ZH_HYP: 他把特别飞机带回北京。

EN: between the Chinese Communist Party and world political parties in the Great Hall of the People.
ZH_REF: 部分兼任议会领导职务的外国政党领导人
ZH_HYP: 在中国共产党和世界政党之间的人民大会堂.

EN: Zhang Dejiang said that at the meeting where the high-level dialog was held, General Secretary Xi Jinping fully elaborated the concept and proposition of the Chinese Communist Party
ZH_REF: 张德江说，习近平总书记在高层对话会上全面阐述了中国共产党
ZH_HYP: 张德江说,在高级别对话会议上,习近平总书记在了中国共产党的概念和主张

EN: to promote the construction of a community of a shared vision for mankind and indicated that the Chinese Communist Party has made it its mission to make new and greater contributions to mankind.
ZH_REF: 推动构建人类命运共同体的理念和主张，表明了中国共产党把为人类作出新的更大贡献作为自己的使命。
ZH_HYP: 促进建设一个共同愿景的社区,并表示,中国共产党使命是对人类作出新的贡献。

EN: On the afternoon of the 1st, Wang Yang, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier of the State Council, met respectively with the delegation of Japan's Komeito Party leader
ZH_REF: 中共中央政治局常委、国务院副总理汪洋一号下午在中南海紫光阁分别会见了日本公明党党首
ZH_HYP: 第一,中国中央委员会政治局常务委员会委员、国务院副总理王杨分别会见了中国党党党领导人

EN: When President Xi Jinping met with Prime Minister Abe a short while before, he pointed out that the key to improving Sino-Japanese relations lies in mutual trust.
ZH_REF: 习近平主席前不久会见安倍首相时指出，改善中日关系关键在于互信。
ZH_HYP: 当主席习近平与安倍首相会面时,他指出,改善中日关系的关键在于互信。

EN: Both sides should implement the important consensus reached by the leaders of the two countries
ZH_REF: 双方要落实好两国领导人的重要共识
ZH_HYP: 双方应落实两国领导人达成的重要共识

EN: and constantly increase the positive interaction and create an environment of pragmatic cooperation.
ZH_REF: 不断增加正向互动，创造务实合作的环境
ZH_HYP: 并不断加强积极的互动,创造一个务实的合作。

EN: The Chinese Communist Party is ready to work with all major Japanese political parties, including the Komeito Party
ZH_REF: 中国共产党愿同包括公明党在内的日本各主要政党一道
ZH_HYP: 中国共产党准备与包括包括党在内的主要政党合作

EN: to enhance mutual understanding and trust and actively make efforts on improving the development of Sino-Japanese relations for the benefit of the people of both countries.
ZH_REF: 增进相互理解和信任，为改善发展中日关系、造福两国人民积极努力。
ZH_HYP: 增进相互了解和信任,积极努力改善中日关系的发展。

EN: When meeting with the delegation of the National Committee on U.S.-China Relations, Wang Yang said that during President Trump's visit to China, the heads of state of the two countries reached a series of important consensuses,
ZH_REF: 会见美中关系全国委员会代表团时，汪洋表示，特朗普总统访华期间，两国元首达成一系列重要共识
ZH_HYP: 王会见了美中关系委员会代表团时,王杨说,在特朗普总统访华期间,两国元首达成了一系列重要共识,

EN: The 15th National Congress of the China Party for Public Interest was opened in Beijing on the 2nd.
ZH_REF: 中国致公党第十五次全国代表大会二号在北京开幕。
ZH_HYP: 2.中国共产党第15届全国代表大会在北京开幕。

EN: Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Secretary of the Central Secretariat, met with all the participants
ZH_REF: 中共中央政治局常委、中央书记处书记王沪宁会见全体与会代表。
ZH_HYP: 中共中央政治局局常务委员会委员王亨宁会见了所有与会者

EN: that promoted the four comprehensive strategic layouts, and carried out in-depth investigations and studies on the construction of the Belt and Road Initiative, the promotion of innovation of science and technology, the assistance of winning the fight on poverty alleviation,
ZH_REF: 协调推进四个全面战略布局，在服务一带一路建设、推动科技创新驱动、助力打赢脱贫攻坚战
ZH_HYP: 这促进了四位全面战略战略,并对了对和道路倡议的建设、促进科技创新、扶贫斗争的援助,

EN: to safeguard their rights and interests and make greater efforts to promote the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics in a new era to realize the reunification of the motherland.
ZH_REF: 维护侨海权益，为推进新时代中国特色社会主义事业、实现祖国统一作出更大贡献
ZH_HYP: 维护祖国统一,新时代,中国特色社会主义事业,实现祖国统一。

EN: The CPC Central Committee believes that
ZH_REF: 中共中央相信
ZH_HYP: 中共中央

EN: the new central leadership of the China Party for Public Interest will certainly be able to hold high the great banner of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and unite closely around the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core.
ZH_REF: 致公党新一届中央领导机构一定能够高举中国特色社会主义伟大旗帜，紧密团结在以习近平同志为核心的中共中央周围
ZH_HYP: 中国中央党的新中央领导无疑将能够高举中国特色社会主义伟大旗旗,同近习近平同近习近平。

EN: comprehensively strengthen the construction of a socialist political party with Chinese characteristics and unite and lead the vast numbers of members in making a new contribution to building a moderately prosperous society in all respects and launch a new journey in building an
ZH_REF: 全面加强中国特色社会主义参政党建设，团结带领广大成员在决胜全面建成小康社会、开启全面建设社会主义现代化国家新征程中
ZH_HYP: 全面加强中国特色社会主义政党建设,团结、领导广大成员建设建设新的建设新程,新建设建设建设新程。

EN: all-round modern socialist nation.
ZH_REF: 作出新贡献
ZH_HYP: 全现代社会主义民族。

EN: Lin Wenyi, Vice President of the CPPCC National Committee and President of the Central Committee of the Taiwan Democratic Self-Government League, delivered a congratulatory message on behalf of all democratic parties and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce.
ZH_REF: 全国政协副主席、台盟中央主席林文漪代表各民主党派中央和全国工商联致贺词。
ZH_HYP: 全国民主党全国委员会副总裁林文义义代表民主党全国民主党主席林文义代表民主党全国民主党主席林毅。

EN: Yang Yanyin, Director of the Subcommittee of Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan Compatriots and overseas Chinese individuals, delivered a congratulatory message on behalf of the Chinese units affiliated to the Central Government.
ZH_REF: 全国政协港澳台侨委员会主任杨衍银代表中央涉侨单位致贺词。
ZH_HYP: 香港、澳门、台湾同胞和海外侨人杨yyyyyanyin代表中央政府的中国单位贺词。

EN: Wan Gang, Executive President of the Presidium of the General Assembly,
ZH_REF: 大会主席团常务主席万钢
ZH_HYP: wangang,大会主席团执行主席

EN: made a working report on behalf of the 14th Central Committee of the China Party for Public Interests.
ZH_REF: 代表中国致公党第十四届中央委员会作工作报告
ZH_HYP: 代表中国党中央委员会发表了一份报告。

EN: The review committee has approved the Amendment to the Constitution of the China Party for Public Interest and elected the 15th Central Committee of the Party.
ZH_REF: 审议通过《中国致公党章程修正案》，选举致公党第十五届中央委员会。
ZH_HYP: 审查委员会批准了《中国党公共利益宪法》,并选举了党的十五中央委员会。

EN: On the 2nd, Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and the Secretary of the Central Secretariat, met with some foreign delegates who attended the high-level dialog between the Chinese Communist Party and world political parties in Beijing.
ZH_REF: 中共中央政治局常委、中央书记处书记王沪宁二号在北京集体会见出席中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会的部分外国政党领导人。
ZH_HYP: 第二,中共中央政治局局和中央秘书处秘书王宁会见了中国共产党和北京世界政党高层对话对话的一些外国代表。

EN: Wang Huning said that General Secretary Xi Jinping made a keynote speech at the opening ceremony of the high-level dialog meeting and called on all political parties in the world to jointly play a leading role in building a community of a shared future for mankind
ZH_REF: 王沪宁表示，习近平总书记在高层对话会开幕式上发表主旨讲话，呼吁世界各国政党共同为构建人类命运共同体
ZH_HYP: 王亨宁说,习近平总书在高级别对话会开幕仪式上作了主旨发言,呼吁世界上所有政党共同共同共同共同未来的共同未来

EN: and better world.
ZH_REF: 和建设美好世界发挥引领作用
ZH_HYP: 还有更好的世界。

EN: To take up this mission, it is crucial for political parties to strengthen their own foundation and construction.
ZH_REF: 政党要承担起这一使命，关键要加强自身建设
ZH_HYP: 为了接受这项使命,政党必须加强自己的基础和建设。

EN: Since the 18th CPC National Congress,
ZH_REF: 中共十八大以来
ZH_HYP: 自第18届会议以来,

EN: to comprehensively enhance its governing capabilities and achieved remarkable results.
ZH_REF: 全面增强执政本领，取得显著成效
ZH_HYP: 全面加强其管理能力,取得显著的成果。

EN: It was stated that they are willing to exchange experiences with other political parties in this regard.
ZH_REF: 我们愿与各国政党就此加强经验交流互鉴。
ZH_HYP: 他们说,他们愿意在这方面与其他政党交流经验。

EN: Foreign parties spoke highly of General Secretary Xi Jinping's keynote speech at the dialog meeting.
ZH_REF: 外方高度评价习近平总书记在对话会上的主旨讲话。
ZH_HYP: 外国各方在对话对话中高度评价习近平的主旨发言。

EN: They highly agree with the great initiative that world political parties should jointly promote the construction of a community of a shared future for mankind and a better world which was proposed by General Secretary Xi Jinping.
ZH_REF: 高度认同习近平总书记提出的世界政党携手推动构建人类命运共同体、建设美好世界的伟大倡议。
ZH_HYP: 他们高度赞同世界政党应共同促进建设一个共同未来的社区和由习近平总书所提议的一个美好世界。

EN: In other news, today, the People’s Daily published a op-ed with the topic of Jointly Creating a Brighter Future for Mankind
ZH_REF: 本台消息，今天出版的人民日报发表评论员文章，题目是共同开创人类更加光明的未来。
ZH_HYP: 在其他新闻中,人民日报》发表了一份文章,为人类共同创造了更光明的未来

EN: Deepening the reform of the state oversight system is a major political structural reform related to the overall situation.
ZH_REF: 深化国家监察体制改革是事关全局的重大政治体制改革。
ZH_HYP: 深化国家监督体制改革,是与总体形势有关的重大政治体制改革。

EN: The 19th National Congress of the Communist Party has made a new major deployment which was launched across the country and
ZH_REF: 党的十九大报告作出新的重大部署
ZH_HYP: 第十九次全国代表大会已在全国各地开展,

EN: From the 19th National People’s Congress to the completion of the establishment of the county and city commission, whether Dandong can take a positive first step in the reform of the national supervision system will be seen.
ZH_REF: 从十九大作出部署到县市区监察委员会组建完成，丹东能否把全国监察体制改革中的第一步迈好。
ZH_HYP: 从19届全国人民代表大会到完成后,丹东能否在全国监督制度改革中迈出积极的第一步。

EN: The time of such urgent work and the high standards of such work call for more than just sitting in and commanding from an office.
ZH_REF: 这种紧迫的工作的时间和这种工作的高标准高要求，不能再坐到办公室来指挥啦。
ZH_HYP: 这种紧迫工作的时间和工作的高标准不仅仅是坐在办公室的和指挥。

EN: They need to go to the front line to guide the scene first-hand and solve the problem.
ZH_REF: 都必须到一线去现场指导，现场解决问题
ZH_HYP: 他们需要去前线,引导现场第一手解决这个问题。

EN: With the implementation plan template and flow chart for the county level reform pilot
ZH_REF: 带着县一级改革试点实施方案模板和流程图
ZH_HYP: 实施县一级改革试点的实施计划和流程图

EN: The work report of the 19th CPC National Congress made clear arrangements for the reform of the state supervisory system and preparations for the construction of the supervisory commission of various localities are also being conducted in full swing.
ZH_REF: 工作不断党的十九大报告对国家监察体制改革做出了明确部署，各地监察委筹建工作也都在紧锣密鼓地进行当中。
ZH_HYP: 第二十九届全国代表大会的工作报告明确了国家监督制度改革,各地方监委会的建设工作也进行了全面的安排。

EN: Up to now, the commissions in Qingshan District of Baotou City of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, Kangping County, Shenbei New District and Liaozhong District of Shenyang City of Liaoning Province have also been set up.
ZH_REF: 截至目前，内蒙古自治区包头市青山区、辽宁省沈阳市康平县、沈北新区、辽中区等地监察委员会也已经挂牌成立。
ZH_HYP: 目前,建立了内蒙古自治区包山市兴山市、沈阳县、沈北市辽区、辽宁市辽市的各委员会。

EN: In Waipokeng village of Shaoxing, Zhejiang, presenters were sitting on the bench and talking with villagers about the strategy on how to achieve rural revitalization.
ZH_REF: 在浙江绍兴外婆坑村，宣讲人坐在小板凳上和村民聊如何实现乡村振兴战略。
ZH_HYP: 浙江浙江的绍兴村,坐落在长凳上,与村民们谈如何实现农村振兴的策略。

EN: What is the relationship between this report and our village and our family?
ZH_REF: 这个报告内容到我们村到我们家有什么关系
ZH_HYP: 这个报告和我们的家庭之间关系是什么?

EN: I think that there is a major relationship. First, in your home, you must use it to create a high quality lifestyle.
ZH_REF: 我觉得关系大了，第一个你们家里首先要素质高。
ZH_HYP: 我认为有一个重要的关系,首先,在你的家里,你必须使用它来创造一种高质量的生活方式。

EN: Right? And the income should be higher and higher.
ZH_REF: 对不对，收入高还要步步高。
ZH_HYP: 对吗?收入应该高得更高。

EN: As soon as the strategy for rejuvenating the country is implemented, there will be more and more new approaches to new industries and these new industries will reach the villages.
ZH_REF: 我告诉大家，这个只要乡村振兴战略一实施，村庄里的新产业新业态新门路会越来越多。
ZH_HYP: 一旦实施了振兴的战略,新的产业将采取越来越新的新方法,这些新产业将到达村庄。

EN: The presenter made it clear that cultivation of the spirit of the 19th National Congress was carried out in ordinary people.
ZH_REF: 宣讲员把十九大精神讲得明白，老百姓的收获实在。
ZH_HYP: 这位发言者明确表示,十九届全国代表大会精神的培养是在普通人身上进行的。

EN: That is to say, we have transformed the spirit of the 19th National Congress
ZH_REF: 也就是我们把十九大的一个精神有
ZH_HYP: 也就是说,我们已经改变了十九届全国代表大会的精神

EN: In recent years, with the rapid development and gradual popularization of the Internet and its related technologies, the vitality and potential of Internet technology innovation in our country
ZH_REF: 近年来，随着互联网及其相关技术的迅猛发展和逐步普及，我国互联网技术创新活力和应用潜力
ZH_HYP: 近年来,随着互联网的迅猛发展、互联网技术的迅速发展和普及,我国科技创新的活力和潜力

EN: are constantly increasing. The innovation and practice of social governance continues to be promoted. The role of Internet-based innovation in social development
ZH_REF: 正在不断地释放，社会治理创新实践持续推进，基于互联网的创新在社会发展当中的作用
ZH_HYP: 社会治理的创新和实践不断不断,社会发展中的创新在社会发展中的作用

EN: is increasingly prominent.
ZH_REF: 日益凸显
ZH_HYP: 越来越突出。

EN: In a Maternal and Child Health Hospital in Longgang District, Shenzhen City, in the early morning, there were dozens of pregnant women who have been pregnant for about twelve weeks waiting for an important test.
ZH_REF: 在深圳市龙岗区妇幼保健院，一大早就有数十位怀孕十二周左右的准妈妈在等待接受一项重要的检查。
ZH_HYP: 在深圳市龙岗区的妇幼保健医院,有几十个孕妇怀孕,等待了大约2个星期的孕妇,等待重要的测试。

EN: Up to now, this test has been provided to over 2.4 million people, of which more than 17,000 were positive samples.
ZH_REF: 截至目前，该项检测服务已突破二百四十万例，其中检测出阳性样本量达到一点七万多例。
ZH_HYP: 迄今为止,这项试验已经向240多万人提供,其中17000多人是积极样本。

EN: This means that big data is the foundation and source of our innovation. In the future, we hope to effectively promote this integration of smart, personal life data and the information industry.
ZH_REF: 说明大数据是我们创新的基础和源泉，那么将来的话我们是希望能够有效推动像这个人功智能生命数据信息产业的一个整合。
ZH_HYP: 这意味着大数据是我们创新的基础和来源,在未来,我们希望有效地促进智能、个人生活数据和信息产业的融合。

EN: This will enable new technologies that can benefit mankind and achieve more benefits for people’s livelihood.
ZH_REF: 能够让新科技造福人类实现更多的民生普惠。
ZH_HYP: 这将使人类受益,并为人民的生计带来更多的好处。

EN: The country's first Internet court was listed in Hangzhou in August this year.
ZH_REF: 全国首家互联网法院今年八月在杭州挂牌。
ZH_HYP: 今年8月,中国的第一个互联网法院被列入杭州。

EN: The original writer of the TV series Empresses in the Palace sued NetEase cloud reading platform which makes it the first case of its kind.
ZH_REF: 电视剧《甄嬛传》原著作者状告网易云阅读平台，成为其开庭审理第一案。
ZH_HYP: 《宫殿电视剧》的原作者起诉了诺特云云层,使它成为它的第一个例。

EN: In the court, the plaintiff’s seat, the dock and the clerk’s seat had disappeared, they were replaced by a screen that filled the entire wall.
ZH_REF: 庭审现场，原告席、被告席和书记员席都消失了，取而代之的是一块占满整面墙的屏幕。
ZH_HYP: 在法院、原告的座位、码头和办事员的座位已经消失,他们被了整个墙壁的屏幕。

EN: By clicking the mouse, the Judge can view the relevant evidence at any time, greatly improving the efficiency of the trial.
ZH_REF: 审判员点击鼠标，就可以随时查看相关证据，大大提高了审判效率。
ZH_HYP: 通过点击鼠标,法官可以随时查看相关证据,大大提高了审判效率。

EN: The establishment of the Hangzhou Internet Court is a major institutional innovation in the judicial work that proactively adapts to the trend of Internet development.
ZH_REF: 杭州互联网法院的设立，是司法工作主动适用互联网发展趋势的
ZH_HYP: 杭州互联网法院的建立是司法工作的一个重大创新,积极适应互联网发展的趋势。

EN: It is a strong impetus for innovation in building a powerful network.
ZH_REF: 重大制度创新建设网络强国需要创新的强力驱动。
ZH_HYP: 这是构建强大的网络的强大动力。

EN: Now, people are familiar with the innovative products for service, such as shared cycling, e-commerce and smart tourism
ZH_REF: 现在人们耳熟能详的共享单车、电子商务、智慧旅游等服务创新的产物
ZH_HYP: 现在,人们都熟悉了创新产品,如共享的循环、电子商务和智能旅游

EN: and they are constantly enriching people's desire and demand for a better life.
ZH_REF: 正不断丰富人民对美好生活的向往和需求
ZH_HYP: 他们不断丰富人们的生活和对生活的需求。

EN: A series of leading technological innovations, such as cloud computing, big data, high-end chips and quantum communications,
ZH_REF: 云计算、大数据、高端芯片、量子通信等一系列领先技术创新
ZH_HYP: 云计算、大数据、高端芯片和量子通信等一系列的技术创新,

EN: of innovation on the Internet means that we should deepen our cooperation in all fields of our economy and in all fields of society, and promote such innovation in a wider range.
ZH_REF: 互联网创新里面很大程度上是说和我们经济各个领域、社会各个领域更深度得去结合，促进了更大范围的这种这种创新。
ZH_HYP: 互联网的创新意味着我们应该深化我们在经济各领域和社会领域的合作,在更广泛的范围内促进这种创新。

EN: Yesterday, the amended norms of cash loans were released, with prominent issues from cash loan such as over loans, repeated credit, improper collection,
ZH_REF: 昨天，现金贷规范整顿方案发布，将对现金贷存在过度借贷、重复授信、不当催收
ZH_HYP: 昨天,经修订的现金贷款准则发放,现金贷款的突出问题,如贷款、反复信贷、不适当的收款、

EN: abnormally high interest rates and violations of personal privacy will be vigorously rectified.
ZH_REF: 畸高利率、侵犯个人隐私等突出问题大力整顿。
ZH_HYP: 异常高利率和个人隐私的行为将得到纠正。

EN: New regulations stated that no organization or individual may operate loaning businesses without obtaining the qualification for engaging in loaning business in accordance with the law.
ZH_REF: 新规明确，未依法取得经营放贷业务资质，任何组织和个人不得经营放贷业务。
ZH_HYP: 新规定规定,任何组织和个人不得经营经营企业,不得不得经营。

EN: on the interest rates on private loans.
ZH_REF: 关于民间借贷利率的规定。
ZH_HYP: 私人贷款利率。

EN: Neither agencies nor entrusted third-party agencies may collect loans through violence, intimidation, humiliation,
ZH_REF: 各类机构或委托第三方机构均不得通过暴力、恐吓、侮辱、诽谤、骚扰等方式
ZH_HYP: 机构和委托第三方机构不得通过暴力、恐吓、羞辱、羞辱、

EN: New petty loan companies will be suspended from carrying out small loan businesses across the province, district and city.
ZH_REF: 暂停新增批小额贷款公司跨省、区、市开展小额贷款业务
ZH_HYP: 新的小额贷款公司将在全省、县和城市的小型贷款企业。

EN: Approval of opening on these establishments will be suspended
ZH_REF: 已经批准筹建的，暂停批准开业
ZH_HYP: 将暂停开放这些机构

EN: for those approved institutions that do not meet the relevant provisions.
ZH_REF: 对于不符合相关规定的已批设机构
ZH_HYP: 对那些不符合有关规定的机构。

EN: The plan also regulated the off-balance-sheet financing of small loan companies, the participation of licensed financial institutions in cash loans, and so on.
ZH_REF: 方案还对小贷公司表外融资、持牌金融机构参与现金贷行为等进行了规范。
ZH_HYP: 该计划还规定了小型贷款公司的资产负债表融资,持牌金融机构参与现金贷款等。

EN: Recently, the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) announced that it has stepped up its supervision on the use of high-yields and transfer of large-capped shares, the lifting of restricted shares and the long-term absence of cash dividends by some listed companies.
ZH_REF: 证监会日前发布，对一些上市公司利用高送转配合大股东减持、限售股解禁，以及长期没有现金分红的铁公鸡等行为
ZH_HYP: 最近,中国证券监督管理委员会(csrc)宣布,加强了对高产和转让大额的股份的监管,限制股份的股份,以及一些上市公司长期股利的监督。

EN: Once any illegal activities are found, they shall be severely dealt with according to law without any leniency.
ZH_REF: 加大监管力度，一旦发现违法违规行为，依法严肃处理，绝不姑息。
ZH_HYP: 发现非法活动一经发现,不得处理。

EN: The Zhengzhou to Fuyang high-speed railway engineering control and the continuous beam of the Zhou Huai Bridge across the New Canal were closed today. They use segmented prefabricated plastic assembly technology
ZH_REF: 郑州至阜阳高速铁路控制性工程，周淮特大桥跨新运河连续梁今天合龙，它采用节段预制胶接拼装技术
ZH_HYP: 郑州至阜阳高速铁路工程控制及新河横梁的连续梁桥的连续梁梁桥的连续梁梁,今天,使用部分预制预制塑料组装塑胶组装技术

EN: to divide the 412.5 meters long, 12.9 meters wide, with a total weight of 15,000 tons of continuous beams into 96 sections.
ZH_REF: 将长四百一十二点五米、宽十二点九米，总重量一万五千吨的连续梁分成九十六个节段
ZH_HYP: 将412.5米宽的12.9米宽,总重量为15000吨连续梁。

EN: and make all trips safe and civilized.
ZH_REF: 安全文明出行。
ZH_HYP: 并使所有旅行都安全和文明。

EN: Jiangsu, Yunnan, Hubei, Shanghai and other places have conducted activities, such as creating real simulations of civilized transportation and sending small yellow cabs to schools, to promote traffic safety
ZH_REF: 江苏、云南、湖北、上海等地举行了送文明交通实景体验、小黄帽到学校等主题活动，宣传交通安全
ZH_HYP: 江苏、云南、湖北、上海等其他地方开展了活动,如对文明交通的模拟,向学校运送小黄色出租车,以促进交通安全

EN: and war-wounded treatment and achieved a comprehensive shift from medicine in the field to full-factorization.
ZH_REF: 战伤救治等科目进行训练，实现了野战医疗向全要素的综合转变
ZH_HYP: 而战争战争的治疗,并全面转变,从医学转变为全要素.

EN: This year, the Ministry of Agriculture conducted a nationwide search for the most beautiful agricultural technological workers.
ZH_REF: 今年，农业部在全国范围内开展了寻找最美农技员活动。
ZH_HYP: 今年,农业部在全国范围内对最美丽的农业技术工作者进行了全国范围的搜索。

EN: will focus on the upstream and downstream industry chains of the animation industry in three days and promote the combination of cultural creativity and the market.
ZH_REF: 对动漫产业的上中下游产业链进行集中展示，并促进文化创意和市场的结合。
ZH_HYP: 将三天重点放在动画产业的上游和下游产业链,促进文化创造力和市场的结合。

EN: Next up, a look at international news.
ZH_REF: 接下来关注国际方面的消息
ZH_HYP: 接下来,看国际新闻。

EN: The assistant to the former President for National Security Affairs Flynn admitted that he had given a false testimony before the FBI on personal contacts with Russia.
ZH_REF: 美国前总统国家安全事务助理弗林一号承认，就个人与俄罗斯方面的接触向联邦调查局作伪证。
ZH_HYP: 前国家安全事务前总统的助理承认,他在联邦调查局就与俄罗斯的个人联系提供了虚假的证词。

EN: And he said that he would cooperate with the investigation of Robert Mueller, the special prosecutor of the Ministry of Justice who is responsible for the investigation of the incident on Russia.
ZH_REF: 并表示将配合负责通俄门事件调查的司法部特别检察官罗伯特米勒的调查。
ZH_HYP: 他说,他将与调查俄罗斯事件的调查罗伯特·穆勒(robertmueller)的调查。

EN: The prosecution document said Flynn had lied on two calls when testifying before the FBI. He said he did not ask
ZH_REF: 起诉文件说，弗林在向联邦调查局作证时就两次通话说谎，他称自己在去年十二月二十二号的电话中
ZH_HYP: 检方的文件说,弗林在在fbi作证的两次电话上撒谎了谎话,他说他没有问

EN: the Russian side to postpone the Security Council-related vote through Kislyak on the phone on December 22nd last year. During the phone call on the 29th of the same month,
ZH_REF: 没有通过基斯利亚克要求俄方推迟安理会相关投票，在同月二十九号的电话中
ZH_HYP: 俄罗斯方面,俄罗斯方面于去年12月22日通过基斯利克电话,电话,在2月29日的电话中,

EN: he did not ask Russia to avoid aggravating tensions between the United States and Russia through Kislyak, either.
ZH_REF: 也没有通过基斯利亚克要求俄方避免加剧美俄关系紧张
ZH_HYP: 他没有要求俄罗斯通过基利克之间的紧张关系。

EN: Flynn pleaded guilty when he was in court that day, and expressed his willingness to cooperate with the investigation.
ZH_REF: 弗林当天在法院出庭时认罪，并表示愿意配合调查
ZH_HYP: 弗林在那天在法庭上认罪,并表示愿意与调查合作。

EN: It is reported that his verdict will be announced in February next year.
ZH_REF: 据悉，对他的判决将于明年二月宣布。
ZH_HYP: 据报道,他的判决将于明年2月宣布。

EN: that Flynn’s plea and his allegations do not involve anyone other than himself.
ZH_REF: 弗林的认罪和有关他的指控除了他个人以外不涉及任何其他人。
ZH_HYP: 弗林的恳求和他的指控并不涉及任何人。

EN: On December 1, Turkey ordered the arrest of Graham Fuller, a former CIA official, on the pretext of involvement in the attempted military coup in Turkey last year.
ZH_REF: 十二月一号，土耳其以涉嫌参与去年土耳其发生的未遂军事政变为由，下令逮捕美国中央情报局前官员格雷厄姆富勒。
ZH_HYP: 12月1日,土耳其以参与土耳其未遂政变的军事政变为借口,下令逮捕grahamfull。

EN: The arrest warrant says Fuller was in Turkey when the attempted coup occurred in July last year
ZH_REF: 逮捕令说，去年七月土耳其发生未遂政变时，富勒就在土耳其
ZH_HYP: 逮捕证说,在去年7月发生的未遂政变时,土耳其在土耳其

EN: After the failure of the attempted coup,
ZH_REF: 富勒在政变图谋失败后
ZH_HYP: 未遂政变失败后,

EN: Fuller left Turkey.
ZH_REF: 离开土耳其。
ZH_HYP: 富勒离开土耳其。

EN: Participants in the attempted coup killed nearly 250 people.
ZH_REF: 此次未遂政变造成近二百五十人丧生。
ZH_HYP: 未遂政变的参与者造成了将近250人。

EN: The Turkish government accused the coup dominator as a Turkish religious person, Gulen, who lives in the United States now
ZH_REF: 土耳其政府指责政变主谋是现居美国的土耳其宗教人士居伦
ZH_HYP: 土耳其政府指责政变统治者是一个土耳其人,古尔人现在住在美国

EN: On the 1st, Al-Jaafari, head of the Syrian government delegation who is participating in the peace talk on the Syrian issue in Geneva, said that the government delegation would be back home on the 2nd.
ZH_REF: 一号，正在日内瓦参加叙利亚问题和谈的叙政府代表团团长贾法里表示，政府代表团二号启程回国。
ZH_HYP: 在参加关于叙利亚问题的和平会谈的叙利亚政府代表团团长al-jaafari说,政府代表团将在第2次回家。

EN: remains the problem of the state of Syrian President Bashar.
ZH_REF: 仍然是叙利亚总统巴沙尔的去留问题。
ZH_HYP: 仍然是叙利亚总统巴沙尔的问题。

EN: Before this round of peace talks, in a statement issued in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, the Syrian opposition forces
ZH_REF: 本轮和谈开始前，叙利亚反对派在沙特利雅得发表的声明中
ZH_HYP: 在这一轮和平会谈之前,在叙利亚反对派力量发表的声明

EN: insisted that the political transition should start with the fall of Bashar.
ZH_REF: 坚持要求政治过渡要以巴沙尔下台为开端。
ZH_HYP: 他坚持认为政治过渡应该从巴沙尔的开始。

EN: to make this competition a grand festival in international sports and will not be affected by any international situations.
ZH_REF: 将这次比赛办成国际体育界的盛大节日，不受任何国际形势影响
ZH_HYP: 使这一竞争成为国际体育的盛大节日,不会受到任何国际局势的影响。

EN: The World Cup will be held in eleven cities such as Moscow and Sochi
ZH_REF: 世界杯比赛将于二零一八年六月十四号至七月十五号
ZH_HYP: 世界杯将在莫斯科和索契等11个城市举行

EN: from June 14 to July 15, 2018.
ZH_REF: 在莫斯科、索契等十一个城市举行。
ZH_HYP: 2018年6月14日至7月15日。

EN: This concludes tonight's Xinwen Lianbo broadcast. Thank you for watching.
ZH_REF: 今天的新闻联播节目播送完了，感谢您收看
ZH_HYP: 今晚的新安安博播出,谢谢你观看。

EN: For more news, visit the CCTV news website. For the download address, search “CCTV News +”. Goodbye.
ZH_REF: 更多的新闻资讯你还可以关注央视新闻移动网，下载地址可以搜索央视新闻加，再见。
ZH_HYP: 为了更多的新闻,请访问中央电视台网站。下载地址,搜索“闭路电视新闻+”。

EN: the Beijing Initiative.
ZH_REF: 北京倡议
ZH_HYP: 北京倡议。

EN: Zhejiang has both inherited and promoted the spirit of the Red Ship and encouraged agents and the people to forge ahead in their work at the forefront.
ZH_REF: 浙江传承弘扬红船精神，激励干部群众奋发进取干在实处走在前列。
ZH_HYP: 浙江既继承和推动了红船精神,鼓励鼓励和人民在前沿工作。

EN: After various stages with different results, over 1.1. Billion mu of contracted land has been provided for contracted management in rural China.
ZH_REF: 我国农村承包地确权取得了阶段性成果，已经有超过十一亿亩承包地完成确权。
ZH_HYP: 在不同阶段,农村承包承包承包承包承包承包经营承包经营1.1亿亩土地承包承包承包经营承包经营。

EN: Detailed reports are next.
ZH_REF: 接下来请看详细报道。
ZH_HYP: 详细的报告是下一步。

EN: In Chinese news, the Fourth World Internet Conference was opened on the morning of the 3rd in Wuzhen, Zhejiang Province.
ZH_REF: 本台消息，第四届世界互联网大会三号上午在浙江省乌镇开幕。
ZH_HYP: 在中国新闻中,在浙江省的第3次会议上,在中国的的互联网互联网会议。

EN: And sincerely welcome all the delegates, heads of international organizations and experts, scholars and entrepreneurs who attended the conference.
ZH_REF: 向出席会议的各国代表、国际机构负责人和专家学者、企业家等各界人士表示诚挚的欢迎。
ZH_HYP: 并真诚欢迎所有代表、国际组织负责人和专家、学者和企业家。

EN: We hope that everyone can pool their wisdom, enhance a meaningful consensus, deepen the exchange and cooperation between the Internet and the digital economy, and make the development of the Internet a better place for the benefit of
ZH_REF: 希望大家集思广益、增进共识，深化互联网和数字经济交流合作，让互联网发展成果更好造福世界。
ZH_HYP: 我们希望大家能把自己的智慧,,加强有意义的共识,深化互联网与数字经济的交流与合作,使互联网的发展成为一个更好的地方。

EN: of all people throughout the world.
ZH_REF: 各国人民
ZH_HYP: 世界上所有的人。

EN: Xi Jinping pointed out in his congratulatory message that at present, a new technological and industrial revolution represented by information technology is in its infancy, with a strong momentum into economic and social development.
ZH_REF: 习近平在贺信中指出，当前，以信息技术为代表的新一轮科技和产业革命正在萌发，为经济社会发展注入了强劲动力。
ZH_HYP: 习近平在贺电信中指出,目前信息技术信息技术代表的新技术和工业革命处于初期阶段,有了强劲的势头。

EN: At the same time, the development of the Internet has also brought many new challenges to the power, security and development interests of all countries in the world.
ZH_REF: 同时，互联网发展也给世界各国主权、安全、发展利益带来许多新的挑战。
ZH_HYP: 同时,互联网的发展也给世界各国的权力、安全和发展利益带来了许多新的挑战。

EN: The global Internet governance system reform has entered a crucial period.
ZH_REF: 全球互联网治理体系变革进入关键时期。
ZH_HYP: 全球互联网治理体系改革进入了一个重要时期。

EN: The international community is reaching a broad consensus for building a common cyberspace for the entire world.
ZH_REF: 构建网络空间命运共同体日益成为国际社会的广泛共识。
ZH_HYP: 国际社会正在为全世界建立一个共同网络空间达成广泛共识。

EN: China advocates five principles and four proposals in the hope of working with the international community to respect network power and promote partnerships.
ZH_REF: 我们倡导四项原则五点主张，就是希望同国际社会一道，尊重网络主权，发扬伙伴精神。
ZH_HYP: 中国主张五大原则和四大建议,希望与国际社会合作,尊重网络力量,促进伙伴关系。

EN: Xi Jinping emphasized the program of action and a blueprint for socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era that was discussed previously at the 19th National People’s Congress of the CPC. It proposed building
ZH_REF: 习近平强调，中共十九大制定了新时代中国特色社会主义的行动纲领和发展蓝图，提出要建设
ZH_HYP: 习近平在新时代的新时代中强调了中国特色社会主义蓝图和中国特色社会主义蓝图,并提出了建设

EN: and promoted the in-depth integration of the Internet, big data, artificial intelligence and the real economy. It also spoke of developing the digital economy and shared economy and cultivating new growth points and forming a new momentum.
ZH_REF: 推动互联网、大数据、人工智能和实体经济深度融合，发展数字经济、共享经济，培育新增长点、形成新动能。
ZH_HYP: 并推动互联网、大数据、人工智能和实体经济的深入整合,并了经济和经济和经济,培育新的增长点,形成新的动力。

EN: China’s door will only open wider and wider.
ZH_REF: 中国对外开放的大门不会关闭，只会越开越大。
ZH_HYP: 中国的门只会扩大更广泛。

EN: Wang Huning attended the opening ceremony and delivered a keynote speech.
ZH_REF: 王沪宁出席开幕式并发表主旨演讲。
ZH_HYP: 王亨廷出席了开幕式,并作了主旨发言.

EN: He said that President Xi’s letter of congratulations fully embodies the profound insight into the global Internet development trend,
ZH_REF: 他表示，习近平主席的贺信，充分体现了对全球互联网发展趋势的深刻洞察。
ZH_HYP: 他说,十一主席的祝贺信充分体现了全球互联网发展的深刻见解,

EN: as well as an accurate grasp of the laws governing the development of cyberspace, and the sincere desire for China to join hands with the rest of the world in developing the Internet and the digital economy.
ZH_REF: 对网络空间发展治理规律的准确把握，对中国同世界各国携手发展互联网和数字经济的真诚愿望。
ZH_HYP: 同时,准确掌握网络空间发展的法律,以及中国真诚地与世界其他地区一道发展互联网和数字经济。

EN: It not only poses new requirements for the development of China’s Internet but also provides new opportunities for China to carry out network cooperation with other countries throughout the world.
ZH_REF: 不仅对中国互联网发展提出了新的要求，也为中国同世界各国开展网络合作提供了新的机遇。
ZH_HYP: 它不仅对中国互联网的发展提出了新的要求,也为中国提供了新的机会,与世界各国进行网络合作。

EN: to promote openness, cooperation, exchange of ideas and sharing of cyberspace and to jointly establish a cyberspace community with a shared future.
ZH_REF: 推动网络空间开放、合作、交流、共享，携手共建网络空间命运共同体
ZH_HYP: 促进开放、合作、交流想法和分享网络空间,并共同建立一个共同的网络空间界。

EN: We should encourage innovation and creation, enhance the vitality of development, promote open cooperation,
ZH_REF: 要鼓励创新创造、增强发展活力，促进开放合作
ZH_HYP: 鼓励创新和创造,增强发展的活力,促进开放合作,

EN: build a good order and establish a safe, stable and prosperous cyberspace.
ZH_REF: 构建良好秩序，建设安全稳定繁荣的网络空间。
ZH_HYP: 建立一个良好的秩序,建立一个安全、稳定和繁荣的网络空间.

EN: Huang Kunming read Xi Jinping's congratulatory letter at the opening ceremony.
ZH_REF: 黄坤明在开幕式上宣读了习近平的贺信
ZH_HYP: 黄昆明在开幕式上致信.

EN: Deputy Prime Minister of Thailand Prajin Juntong, Deputy Prime Minister of Mongolia Enkhtuvshin,
ZH_REF: 泰国副总理巴金詹东、蒙古国副总理恩赫图布辛
ZH_HYP: 泰国副总理,蒙古副总理,

EN: UN Deputy Secretary-General Liu Zhenmin, Apple CEO Tim Cook, Cisco CEO Chuck Robbins, Father of the Internet Robert Kahn,
ZH_REF: 联合国副秘书长刘振民、苹果首席执行官蒂姆库克、思科首席执行官罗卓克、互联网之父罗伯特卡恩
ZH_HYP: 联合国副秘书长刘振民,苹果公司首席执行长库克、ccocococorobbins)

EN: The 4th World Internet Conference was held from December 3 to December 5 with the theme of Developing a Digital Economy, Promoting Openness and Sharing, and Working Together to Build a Cyberspace for a Shared Future.
ZH_REF: 第四届世界互联网大会十二月三日至五日举行，主题为发展数字经济促进开放共享，携手共建网络空间命运共同体。
ZH_HYP: 第四届世界互联网会议是12月3日至12月5日举行的,主题是发展数码经济,促进开放和共享,共同为共同未来建立网络空间。

EN: More than 1,500 delegates from over 80 countries and regions, including government representatives, heads of international organizations, leaders of Internet companies, celebrities from the Internet, experts and scholars,
ZH_REF: 来自五大洲八十多个国家和地区的政府代表、国际组织负责人、互联网企业领军人物、互联网名人、专家学者等
ZH_HYP: 来自80多个国家和地区的1500多名代表,包括政府代表、国际组织负责人、互联网公司领导人、互联网名人、专家和学者,

EN: attended the meeting.
ZH_REF: 共一千五百多名嘉宾参加大会。
ZH_HYP: 出席了会议。

EN: in Wuzhen, Zhejiang Province on the 3rd.
ZH_REF: 苹果公司首席执行官库克、思科公司首席执行官罗卓克。
ZH_HYP: 在浙江省吴镇.

EN: China is willing to strengthen their exchange of experiences of Internet governance with Thailand.
ZH_REF: 中方愿同泰方加强互联网治理经验交流。
ZH_HYP: 中国愿加强与泰国的互联网治理经验交流。

EN: Prajin said that Thailand cherishes the friendship between Thailand and China and is ready to make a joint development strategy with China.
ZH_REF: 巴金表示，泰方珍视泰中友好，愿同中方对接发展战略。
ZH_HYP: 海锦说,泰国珍视泰国和中国的友谊,愿与中国一道制定共同发展战略。

EN: They will promote the formation of an open, fair and secure cyberspace.
ZH_REF: 推动形成开放、公正、安全的网络空间。
ZH_HYP: 它们将促进建立一个开放、公平和安全的网络空间。

EN: When meeting with Enkhtuvshin, Wang Huning said that China is willing to work with Mongolia to deepen mutual political trust
ZH_REF: 在会见恩赫图布辛时，王沪宁表示，中方愿同蒙方深化政治互信
ZH_HYP: 王与恩赫丁会面时,表示,中国愿意与蒙古合作,以深化政治信任

EN: and take care of each other's core interests and major concerns and implement the important consensus reached by leaders of the two countries.
ZH_REF: 照顾彼此核心利益和重大关切，落实好两国领导人重要共识。
ZH_HYP: 并照顾对方的核心利益和重大关切,落实两国领导人达成的重要共识。

EN: Enkhtuvshin said that the development of relations with China is a priority for Mongolia's diplomacy. Mongolia upholds the one-China policy
ZH_REF: 恩赫图布辛表示，发展对华关系是蒙古国外交优先方向，蒙方坚持一个中国政策
ZH_HYP: 恩赫图文说,与中国关系的发展是蒙古外交的一个优先事项。

EN: When meeting with De Villepin, Wang Huning said that China always attaches great importance to developing Sino-French relations and China-EU relations from a strategic perspective.
ZH_REF: 在会见德维尔潘时，王沪宁表示，中方始终从战略高度重视发展中法和中欧关系。
ZH_HYP: 王汪宁在会见德维尔潘的时候,始终高度重视从战略角度发展中中中中中欧关系。

EN: Both parties should make joint efforts to promote the development of global Internet governance in a more just and reasonable direction.
ZH_REF: 双方应该共同努力促进全球互联网治理向更加公正合理方向发展。
ZH_HYP: 双方应共同努力,以更公正、合理的方向发展全球互联网治理。

EN: De Villepin said that while congratulating China on entering a new era, he will continue to devote himself to developing cooperation between France and China and Europe and promote cooperative fields, such as bilateral cyberspace governance.
ZH_REF: 德维尔潘表示，祝贺中国进入新时代，他将继续致力于发展法中和欧中关系，促进双方网络空间治理等领域合作。
ZH_HYP: 德维尔潘说,在祝贺中国进入新的时代,同时将继续致力于发展法国与中欧合作,促进双边网络,如双边网络空间治理。

EN: When meeting with Cook, Wang Huning expressed his affirmation of the role played by Apple in the development and cooperation of the digital economy between China and the United States.
ZH_REF: 在会见库克时，王沪宁对苹果公司为中美数字经济发展和合作发挥的作用表示肯定。
ZH_HYP: 王王宁在会见时,表示苹果在中美数字经济发展与合作中发挥的作用。

EN: He said that China and the United States share broad common interests in the network area and both parties should work together to build a community of a shared future in cyberspace.
ZH_REF: 他说，中美在网络领域拥有广泛共同利益，双方应共同构建网络空间命运共同体
ZH_HYP: 他说,中美两国在网络领域有着广泛的共同利益,双方应共同努力,建设一个共享网络空间共同未来的社区。

EN: Cook said Internet security management is important, and Apple appreciates that China has opened up their policy.
ZH_REF: 库克表示，互联网安全管理很重要，苹果公司赞赏中国的开放政策。
ZH_HYP: 库克说,互联网安全管理很重要,苹果公司也表示中国已经了政策。

EN: He is willing to promote cooperation between Internet companies in both countries.
ZH_REF: 愿促进两国互联网企业合作
ZH_HYP: 他愿意促进两国的互联网公司的合作。

EN: When meeting with Chuck Robbins, Wang Huning said that technology is the guarantee of cyberspace governance.
ZH_REF: 在会见罗卓克时，王沪宁表示，技术是网络空间治理的保障。
ZH_HYP: 王王宁在会见了,王王时说,技术是网络空间治理的保障。

EN: The 11th National Congress of the Jiu San Society opened on December 3rd in Beijing
ZH_REF: 九三学社第十一次全国代表大会十二月三号在北京开幕
ZH_HYP: 九、九三年十一月三日在北京举行的第11届全国代表大会

EN: Zhao Leji, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, met with the participants and delivered a congratulatory message on behalf of the CPC Central Committee.
ZH_REF: 中共中央政治局常委赵乐际会见与会代表，并代表中共中央致贺词。
ZH_HYP: 中共中央政治局常务委员会委员赵志,代表中共中央委员会的成员,并代表中国中央央委员会的贺词。

EN: They gave full play to the intellectual superiority of sectors and talents, conducted in-depth investigations and studies, put forward many important opinions and suggestions, and provided an important reference for the scientific decision-making of the party and the government.
ZH_REF: 充分发挥界别和人才智力优势，深入调查研究，提出许多重要意见和建议，为党和政府科学决策提供了重要参考。
ZH_HYP: 他们充分发挥了部门和人才的智力,深入调查和研究,提出了重要的意见和建议,为党和政府的科学决策提供了重要参考。

EN: The congratulatory message said that
ZH_REF: 贺词说
ZH_HYP: “祝贺您的

EN: in accordance with the spirit of the 19th NPC, the Chinese Communist Party will constantly adhere to and improve the system of multi-party cooperation and political consultation led by the Chinese Communist Party.
ZH_REF: 中国共产党将按照中共十九大精神，坚定不移坚持和完善中国共产党领导的多党合作和政治协商制度。
ZH_HYP: 本着十九届全国人民代表大会精神,中国共产党将坚持和完善中国共产党领导的多党合作和政治协商制度。

EN: They will consistently implement the principle of long-term coexistence, mutual supervision and treatment of each other with the same interests, honor, and continuously support the democratic parties to better fulfill their functions in accordance with the requirements of the participating parties for socialism with Chinese characteristics.
ZH_REF: 坚定不移贯彻长期共存、互相监督、肝胆相照、荣辱与共的方针，坚定不移支持民主党派按照中国特色社会主义参政党要求更好履行职能。
ZH_HYP: 坚持以利益、利益、长期利益、不断支持各民主党派的要求,不断支持民主党派的原则,更好地履行其。

EN: The CPC Central Committee believes that the new leadership at the Jiu San Society will definitely be able to shoulder the heavy responsibility that history has entrusted onto them and the vast majority of its members.
ZH_REF: 中共中央相信，九三学社新一届中央领导机构一定能够肩负起历史赋予的使命和广大成员的重托。
ZH_HYP: 中共中央委员会认为,新的社会中的新领导一定能承担历史赋予的沉重的责任,并是其成员的绝大多数。

EN: They will constantly create new situations for the Jiu San Society.
ZH_REF: 不断开创九三学社工作新局面
ZH_HYP: 他们将不断为联检组社会创造新的局面。

EN: Vice President of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, President of the Presidium of the 12th National Congress of the China Association for Promoting Democracy Yan Junqi
ZH_REF: 全国人大常委会副委员长、民进第十二次全国代表大会主席团常务主席严隽琪
ZH_HYP: 全国人民代表大会常务委员会副主席长,促进会长,促进会长

EN: delivered a congratulatory message on behalf of the Central Committees for All Parties in the Democratic Party and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce.
ZH_REF: 代表各民主党派中央和全国工商联致贺词
ZH_HYP: 以民主党和中国中华工会各民主党派中央委员会的名义发出贺词。

EN: Han Qide, Executive President of the Presidium of the conference, delivered a report on behalf of the 13th Central Committee of the Jiu San Society.
ZH_REF: 大会主席团常务主席韩启德代表九三学社第十三届中央委员会作工作报告。
ZH_HYP: 大会主席汉德,代表社会十三大中央委员会的执行主席,代表了报告。

EN: Guo Shengkun, You Quan, Arken Imirbaki, Wang Zhengwei and Wang Zhizhen attended the opening ceremony.
ZH_REF: 郭声琨、尤权、艾利更依明巴海、王正伟以及王志珍出席开幕会
ZH_HYP: 郭盛�,你的,,,肯,王王正和王志参加了开幕式.

EN: The conference members will listen to and consider the working report of the 13th Central Committee of the Jiu San Society.
ZH_REF: 本次大会将听取和审议九三学社第十三届中央委员会工作报告。
ZH_HYP: 会议成员将听取并审议联检组三届中央委员会的工作报告。

EN: The Amendment of the Jiu San Society was approved in the review, and the 14th Central Committee of the Jiu San Society was selected.
ZH_REF: 审议通过《九三学社章程修正案》，选举九三学社第十四届中央委员会。
ZH_HYP: 审查中批准了对jiusan社会的修正案,并选出了第14届中央委员会。

EN: Today, the high-level dialog between the Chinese Communist Party and world political parties was closed in Beijing and passed the Beijing Initiative.
ZH_REF: 中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会今天在北京闭幕，通过《北京倡议》。
ZH_HYP: 今天,中国共产党和世界政党之间的高层对话结束,北京通过了北京倡议。

EN: The dialog attracted nearly 300 leaders of political parties and political organizations from over 120 countries, covering different political systems, different cultural backgrounds and different ideologies.
ZH_REF: 此次对话会吸引了一百二十多个国家的近三百个政党和政治组织领导人与会，涵盖不同政治制度、不同文化背景和不同意识形态。
ZH_HYP: 对话吸引了来自120多个国家的近300个政党和政治组织,涵盖不同的政治制度、不同的文化背景和不同意识形态。

EN: During the dialog, the General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee and President Xi Jinping delivered a keynote speech, where he comprehensively expounded the Chinese proposal of building a community of a shared future for mankind and building a better world.
ZH_REF: 对话会期间，中共中央总书记、国家主席习近平发表主旨讲话，全面阐述构建人类命运共同体，建设美好世界的中国主张。
ZH_HYP: 在对话期间,中共中央书记和习近平主席发表了主旨演讲,全面阐述了中国关于建设一个共同未来的建议,建设一个美好世界的中国建议。

EN: The participating parties, both from developed and developing countries, think this is crucial.
ZH_REF: 与会的政党不论是发达还是发展中国家都认为这点至关重要。
ZH_HYP: 来自发达国家和发展中国家的参与方认为这一点至关重要。

EN: The meeting adopted the Beijing Initiative and emphasized that mutual trust should be enhanced among political parties, there should be strengthened communication and
ZH_REF: 会议通过北京倡议强调政党间应增进互信加强沟通
ZH_HYP: 会议通过了《北京倡议》,强调应加强各政党的互信,加强沟通和交流,

EN: As the largest political party in the world, the Chinese Communist Party has continuously kept up with the pace of progress and led China to gain world-class development achievements.
ZH_REF: 中国共产党作为世界上最大的政党，不断隔间与进步，带领中国取得世界瞩目的发展成就。
ZH_HYP: 作为世界上最大的政党,中国共产党不断进步步伐,,使中国取得世界发展成果。

EN: They provide public goods, for example. Today, China is stronger and more confident than ever before. China is committed to solving the common problems confronting the international community.
ZH_REF: 提供公共产品。今天的中国比以往更加强大更加自信，中国致力于解决国际社会面临的共同问题。
ZH_HYP: 例如,中国中国的中国比以往任何时候都更加强大,中国致力于解决国际社会面临的共同问题。

EN: And is working hard to promote a consensus among all countries of the world on a common goal.
ZH_REF: 并努力促进世界各国在共同目标上达成共识
ZH_HYP: 并且正在努力推动世界各国在共同目标上达成共识。

EN: I think China will play a role of mediator in the world structure and China is becoming a global leader.
ZH_REF: 我认为中国将在世界格局中扮演调和者的角色，中国正在成为一个全球的领导者。
ZH_HYP: 我认为中国将在世界结构中的调解人,中国正在成为全球领导。

EN: Keynote address at the Communist Party of China in Dialogue with World Political Parties High-Level Meeting
ZH_REF: 中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会主旨讲话
ZH_HYP: 中国共产党在与世界政党高级别会议对话对话

EN: Zhejiang Province vigorously promoted the spirit of the Red Ship, with a firm move to work at the forefront of the times.
ZH_REF: 浙江省大力弘扬红船精神，以坚定的行动，让工作走在时代前列。
ZH_HYP: 浙江省积极推动红船的精神,并在时代的前沿。

EN: A new batch of water samples were just finished being collected, Liu Rui and his colleagues were immediately busy.
ZH_REF: 新的一批水样刚刚采集完，刘锐和同事们就马上忙碌了起来。
ZH_HYP: 刚刚刚刚收集了一批水样本,刘刘刘瑞和他的同事们马上忙忙忙了。

EN: At the same time as the daily monitoring,
ZH_REF: 在日常监测的同时
ZH_HYP: 同时,每日监测,

EN: they are trying to tackle the smart management of rural sewage this year.
ZH_REF: 今年他们正努力攻克农村污水的智慧化管理课题
ZH_HYP: 他们正在努力解决今年农村污水的明智管理。

EN: How to manage it well, in fact, it is a very serious challenge.
ZH_REF: 怎么样能够把它治理好，那么实际上是一个非常严峻的挑战。
ZH_HYP: 如何管理好,事实上,这是一个非常严峻的挑战。

EN: The Institute of Ecology and the Environment, Tsinghua Yangtze River Delta Research Institute in Zhejiang Province is located in Jiaxing, the birthplace of the Red Boat spirit.
ZH_REF: 浙江清华长三角研究院生态环境研究所就设在红船精神的发源地嘉兴。
ZH_HYP: 浙江省长江江三角洲江江江江省的生态与环境研究所,红船精神的发源地。

EN: From nothing more than a dozen years ago to the present,
ZH_REF: 从十几年前的一无所有，到如今
ZH_HYP: 十多年前的事,

EN: the Research Institute of the Yangtze River Delta of Tsinghua in Zhejiang Province has developed into a platform with three key national level innovations. Nearly 400 overseas students have settled in this region to gather power for innovation in Zhejiang Province.
ZH_REF: 浙江清华长三角研究院已经发展成了有三个国家级的重点创新平台、近四百名海外学子落户浙江的区域创新集聚力量。
ZH_HYP: 浙江省长江长江省长江三角洲的研究机构已发展成了三个重点创新的平台,近400名海外学生在该地区,为浙江省创新动力。

EN: The spirit of the Red Boat is a force that we must follow and understand. Innovation is actually very difficult.
ZH_REF: 红船精神是我们必须遵循和理解的一股力量，创新其实是很艰难的
ZH_HYP: 红船的精神是我们必须遵循和理解的力量。

EN: There is a lot of frustration behind all innovations in this area,
ZH_REF: 这里面每一个创新
ZH_HYP: 在这方面的所有创新都有很多挫折感。

EN: none of them can be solved. At this stage, you have to stick to it and keep going.
ZH_REF: 都觉得无法解决的程度，那这个阶段你要坚持住，就你在不断地走不断地走。
ZH_HYP: 在这个阶段,你必须坚持下去,继续坚持下去。

EN: Previously, ordinary people asked for help, but now, officials have come to help. That is
ZH_REF: 原来是老百姓上门去的，现在是上上到下面来，那么就是说
ZH_HYP: 以前,普通人要求求助,但现在,官员们也来帮忙。

EN: to do real things for the people.
ZH_REF: 为老百姓办实事
ZH_HYP: 为人民做真正的事情。

EN: Up to now, in this way, Xiaoshan District collected a total of 5,985 issues, of which 3,868 were solved and 1,496 were in the process of being handled.
ZH_REF: 截至目前，通过这种方式，萧山区共收集问题五千九百八十五个，其中解决问题三千八百六十八个，正在办理的问题有一千四百九十六个。
ZH_HYP: 目前,萧山区共有5985个问题,其中3868件解决,1496件。

EN: Our agents in Zhejiang Province have a saying that goes
ZH_REF: 我们浙江的干部有一个话就是
ZH_HYP: 我们在浙江省的代理人有一句话说

EN: that geographical advantages are inferior to those of the agents, policy concessions are not as good as service ones. The motivation of the Red Boat spirit dedication enables us to make progress and achieve this goal.
ZH_REF: 地域优势不如干部优势，政策优惠不如服务优质，红船精神的奉献精神这个激励能够让我们奋发进取，更加得这个干在实处走在前列。
ZH_HYP: 这种地理优势与代理人的的,政策让步不如服务的,,红船精神奉献精神的激励使我们能够取得进展并实现这一目标。

EN: They are brave to work.
ZH_REF: 勇于奋斗
ZH_HYP: 他们很勇敢.

EN: They went deeply into the grassroots mass art museums, local academies and some colleges and universities in Inner Mongolia, as well as Heilongjiang and Gansu provinces to conduct a profound interpretation of the new cultural mission
ZH_REF: 他们深入到内蒙古、黑龙江、甘肃等地的基层群众艺术馆、地方院团和部分高校，对十九大精神中文艺工作者担负的新的文化使命
ZH_HYP: 他们深入到了内蒙古的群众艺术博物馆、地方学院和一些大学,黑龙江和甘肃省对新的文化使命进行了深入的解释

EN: I am deeply proud and happy, and I am willing to go down and write more about the fate of the normal people in the major times.
ZH_REF: 我深深感到骄傲和幸福，我愿意沉下去再沉下去，多写下大时代小人物的命运
ZH_HYP: 我很骄傲,并且很高兴,我愿意在下,更多地写关于正常人的命运。

EN: on the development of grassroots literature and art.
ZH_REF: 对这个基层文艺发展这方面，能够有一些什么好的建议想法
ZH_HYP: 论基层文学的发展.

EN: Nowadays mass literature and art are very popular, there is a little popularity,
ZH_REF: 现在群众文艺搞得很热闹，普及方面是有一点
ZH_HYP: 当今的群众文学和艺术非常受欢迎,

EN: and continue to launch quality works worthy of the times.
ZH_REF: 不断推出无愧于时代的精品力作。
ZH_HYP: 并继续推出质量的工作.

EN: It should be rooted at grassroots and in-depth lives, with a certain substance of culture that is positive, with long-lasting artistic works that hold charm.
ZH_REF: 应该是扎根与基层，深入生活，然后作出有一定文化厚度的，积极向上的，同时有恒久的艺术魅力的作品。
ZH_HYP: 它应该植根于基层和深入的生活,具有一定的文化的文化,具有持久的艺术作品。

EN: The actual contracted area has reached 1.52 billion mu, of which 1.11 billion mu has been completed.
ZH_REF: 已达二十八个，实测承包地面积十五点二亿亩，其中完成确权的有十一点一亿亩。
ZH_HYP: 实际承包面积已达15.2亿亩,其中1111亿亩。

EN: This accounted for 82 percent of the farmland contracted by second-tier families. 7 provinces and autonomous regions including Sichuan have completed the report to the Party Central Committee and State Council at a basic level.
ZH_REF: 占二轮家庭承包耕地面积的百分之八十二，四川等七省区已向党中央国务院报告基本完成。
ZH_HYP: 二、四川省和自治区,在全国范围内完成了报告,工作,7个省和自治区,已基本完成了报告。

EN: It is estimated that by the end of 2018, the confirmation of the country’s contracted land will be completed at a basic level.
ZH_REF: 预计二零一八年年底前，全国承包地确权将基本完成
ZH_HYP: 据估计,到2018年底,该国承包土地的确认将基本完成。

EN: In the future, the Ministry of Agriculture will explore the transformation and application of the results of the confirmation of rights
ZH_REF: 今后，农业部将探索确权成果
ZH_HYP: 农业部将探讨确认权利的的转化和应用

EN: The first satellite in China's space science satellite series and the world's first dark matter particle detection satellite, Wukong,
ZH_REF: 我国空间科学卫星系列的首发星，同时也是世界上首颗暗物质粒子探测卫星悟空
ZH_HYP: 中国第一颗中国空间科学卫星系列和世界第一颗暗物质粒子探测卫星,

EN: conducted four scans of an area all-day in the past two years during orbit and detected more than 3.5 billion high-energy particles. It obtained the most accurate
ZH_REF: 在轨运行近两年来，对全天区进行了四次扫描，探测到超过三十五亿高能粒子，获得了世界上最精确的
ZH_HYP: 在过去的两年中,在轨道上有四人扫描,并发现了35亿多的高能粒子,并获得了最准确的

EN: This achievement has recently been published in Nature, an international academic journal.
ZH_REF: 这一成果日前在国际学术期刊《自然》发表
ZH_HYP: 这一成就最近发表在自然界的国际学术杂志上。

EN: In space, we observe that such a new observation that has not been observed before, which cannot be explained or illustrated by existing theories,
ZH_REF: 在太空当中，我们观测到以前没有观察到观察到的这样一个新的，这个用这个用已有的理论不能进行解释和说明的
ZH_HYP: 在空间中,我们观察到的新观察,不能用现有理论来解释或解释,

EN: The significance of this result is diverse. Above all, it shows the ability of Chinese scientists to use the most cutting-edge technologies
ZH_REF: 这项研究成果的意义是多重的，最重要的是它展现了中国科学家使用最前沿的技术
ZH_HYP: 最重要的是,它显示了中国科学家最尖端技术的能力

EN: to make scientific instruments to probe a very difficult scientific issue.
ZH_REF: 制造科研仪器来探测一个非常艰深的科学问题的能力。
ZH_HYP: 使科学文书能探测一个非常困难的科学问题.

EN: Find the toilet by the nose, in the last century, this is memory that many Chinese are fond of.
ZH_REF: 靠鼻子找厕所，这是上个世纪，不少人关于中国厕所的记忆。
ZH_HYP: 在上个世纪,,这是许多中国人喜欢的人。

EN: but also incorporates more humanized designs.
ZH_REF: 还融入了越来越多的人性化设计
ZH_HYP: 但也包含了更人性化的设计。

EN: impressed so many tourists. The toilet has ventilation all year around without a peculiar smell.
ZH_REF: 让不少游客感到印象深刻，厕所里常年通风、没有异味
ZH_HYP: 给了这么多的游客,厕所厕所在全年都有通风。

EN: We no longer need to rely on the nose to find the toilet.
ZH_REF: 现在不用再靠鼻子找厕所
ZH_HYP: 我们不再需要依靠鼻子来马桶.

EN: We should not only change the hardware, but the software must also keep up.
ZH_REF: 不光改变硬件，软件也要跟上
ZH_HYP: 我们不仅要改变硬件,而且还必须保持。

EN: The tourism department requires that toilets at famous sites should be equipped with toilet paper and hand sanitizer.
ZH_REF: 旅游部门要求，景区厕所应配备厕纸、洗手液
ZH_HYP: 旅游部要求在著名场所的厕所厕所配有卫生纸和手手。

EN: But in some areas,
ZH_REF: 但在有些地区
ZH_HYP: 但在某些地区,

EN: Whether to stop this convenient service or not due to the uncivilized behavior of individuals
ZH_REF: 是否因为个别人的不文明行为就停止这项便民服务
ZH_HYP: 是否停止这种方便服务,或不因个人化行为而

EN: Was decided by managers from all areas who have made their choice.
ZH_REF: 各地的管理者做出了选择
ZH_HYP: 由所有作出选择的经理决定。

EN: On the one hand, through civilized prompts to promote conservation, on the other hand, they also carry out technological innovation.
ZH_REF: 一方面通过文明提示倡导节约，另一方面也在进行技术创新。
ZH_HYP: 一方面,通过文明的促进促进保护,另一方面也进行技术创新。

EN: In public toilets in places like Nanjing and Sucheng in Jiangsu Province,
ZH_REF: 在江苏南京、宿城等地的公共厕所
ZH_HYP: 在南京等地的江苏等地厕,

EN: by scanning your face for three seconds, you can get a free copy of the toilet paper, but if you want to get double copies, you need to wait ten minutes.
ZH_REF: 刷脸三秒，即可免费获得一份厕纸，但想获得双份，需要再多等十分钟
ZH_HYP: 通过扫描你的脸,你可以获得一份厕所纸的免费副本,但是如果你想复制双副本,你需要等10分钟。

EN: This avoids the abuse of public resources.
ZH_REF: 避免公用资源的滥用
ZH_HYP: 这避免滥用公共资源。

EN: habits. Some tourists may indeed think of taking the paper back, but on the other hand, we must reflect on this situation.
ZH_REF: 习惯，可能有些游客确实是想着把纸要揣回去，但是另一方面我们也要反思
ZH_HYP: 有些游客的确会想到把纸带回来,但另一方面,我们必须思考这种情况。

EN: Is there paper in the next toilet for tourists to use? This is what we highlighted in the new three-year plan.
ZH_REF: 是不是我们游客要进入的下一个厕所就没有纸了，所以这也是我们在新三年计划中特别强调的
ZH_HYP: 下一个厕所的造纸机上有造纸?这是我们在新的三年计划中强调的。

EN: To solve this problem of inadequacy and imbalance
ZH_REF: 要把这个不平衡不充分这块解决好
ZH_HYP: 解决不足和不平衡问题

EN: and to push the revolution in toilets further, we should think more of what the masses think.
ZH_REF: 将厕所革命推向深入，就是要更多地想群众之所想。
ZH_HYP: 为了进一步推动革命,我们应该更多地思考群众的想法。

EN: to have a third toilet to facilitate family members to accompany the elderly and children to the restroom.
ZH_REF: 必须具备第三卫生间，方便家人陪同老人、小孩上厕所。
ZH_HYP: 拥有第三个厕所,方便家人陪伴老年人和孩子到卫生间。

EN: We take our baby to the men’s room and we are embarrassed,
ZH_REF: 我们带宝宝的，男厕所我们又不好意思陪进去
ZH_HYP: 我们带我们的孩子去男人的房间,我们很尴尬。

EN: but when w go to the ladies’ room, babies are so small that we also feel a bit embarrassed. That board is particularly comfortable, it is convenient for those who have children.
ZH_REF: 女厕所小孩子这么小就好像懂得一点尴尬一样，那个板子特别舒服，很方便我们带小孩的。
ZH_HYP: 但是当w去女士们的房间时,婴儿们都太小了,我们感到有些尴尬,这对那些有孩子的人来说是方便。

EN: people feel more civilized and have become civilized builders. In the villages, villagers in Hechi, Guangxi, are creating flushing toilets in their homes,
ZH_REF: 人们感受文明的同时，也成为文明的建设者。在乡村，广西河池的村民正在家中新建冲水厕所
ZH_HYP: 在村里,山西的村民们在自己的家中创造了冲洗厕所,

EN: Great achievements have been made and the active promotion of the toilet revolution does not only help people stay away from disease, but also promotes economic development to narrow the regional development gap.
ZH_REF: 已经有了很大成效，积极推动厕所革命不仅能帮助人民远离疾病，还能带动经济发展缩小地区发展差距。
ZH_HYP: 取得了巨大成就,马桶革命的积极促进不仅有助于人们远离疾病,而且还促进经济发展,缩小地区发展差距。

EN: This toilet problem is an issue of expository themes, it is a node of the social development.
ZH_REF: 这个厕所问题它是一个纲举目张问题，是一个社会问题发展的节点。
ZH_HYP: 这个厕所问题是一个主题的主题,它是社会发展的一个节点.

EN: It is a national civilized project that leads from the national point of view to the layout, and then takes part in all aspects to solve the small social problems with varying degrees of participation.
ZH_REF: 它是一个国家文明工程，从国家的角度去引导去布局，然后方方面面从不同程度的参与来解决细小的社会问题。
ZH_HYP: 这是一个国家文明项目,从国家角度出发,参与各种参与程度程度不同的社会问题。

EN: In this way, we can make up for all shortcomings.
ZH_REF: 这样就把我们的所有的短补齐。
ZH_HYP: 这样,我们就弥补所有的缺点。

EN: With the recent commencement of construction of Jinxi Irrigation District in Heilongjiang Province, this year began with a major water conservancy project across the country and has reached 14 items.
ZH_REF: 随着黑龙江锦西灌区工程近日开工建设，今年全国新开工重大水利工程已达十四项。
ZH_HYP: 随着黑龙江省晋区的建设,今年是在全国范围内水利工程开始,,已达到14个项目。

EN: The investment scale reached 900 billion yuan.
ZH_REF: 投资规模达九千亿元。
ZH_HYP: 投资规模达到9000亿元.

EN: At present, the enrollment rate of compulsory education for juvenile children in three categories of children with vision, hearing and intelligence disabilities in our country has reached over 90%.
ZH_REF: 目前，我国视力、听力和智力三类残疾儿童、少年义务教育入学率达到百分之九十以上。
ZH_HYP: 目前,我国有视力、听力和智力残疾的儿童义务教育入学率达到90%以上。

EN: Xicheng High Speed Rail that Links the High Speed Rail between Xi’an and Chengdu was launched on December 6, with tickets for the first train being sold and then scheduled the train after the diagram adjustment at the end of the year that is available today.
ZH_REF: 连接西安和成都的高速铁路西成高铁将于十二月六日开通运营，首发列车及年底调图前列车车票今天开始发售。
ZH_HYP: 西城高速铁路铁路与连接西安与成都之间的高速铁路,于12月6日推出,第一列火车票的票,然后在今天的的年末进行。

EN: At noon today, China successfully sent the No.1 land survey satellite into scheduled orbit using the Long March II Ding carrier rocket at Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center.
ZH_REF: 今天中午，我国在酒泉卫星发射中心用长征二号丁运载火箭，成功将陆地勘查卫星一号送入预定轨道。
ZH_HYP: 今天中午,中国在在九泉卫星发射中心的长征运载火箭将第1号土地测量卫星送入轨道。

EN: Yellow River’s first public railway tunnel construction started a few days ago.
ZH_REF: 黄河首条公铁合用隧道日前开工建设。
ZH_HYP: 黄河的首个公共铁路隧道建设开始。

EN: The tunnel is 3.7 kilometers in length and will be under direct access to the Yellow River to establish a direct link to the main urban areas of Jinan city
ZH_REF: 隧道全长三点七公里，建成后将下穿黄河直接联通济南主城区
ZH_HYP: 隧道长3.7公里,直接连接黄河,与济南市的主要城市地区建立直接联系

EN: of the spirit of Chinese culture.
ZH_REF: 精神内涵
ZH_HYP: 中国文化的精神。

EN: Next up, a look at international news.
ZH_REF: 接下来关注国际方面的消息。
ZH_HYP: 接下来,看国际新闻。

EN: On the 2nd, after voting, the US Senate has passed a massive tax cut bill.
ZH_REF: 美国国会参议院二号投票通过大规模减税法案。
ZH_HYP: 在第二,在表决后,美国参议院通过了大规模减税法案。

EN: Analysts say it marks the Trump administration and Republican congressional parliament a step closer to completing the nation's largest tax relief program in three decades.
ZH_REF: 分析称这标志着特朗普政府和国会共和党，距离完成美国三十年来最大规模的减税计划更近了一步。
ZH_HYP: 分析人士称,这标志着特朗普政府和共和党国会议会在三十年来完成最大的减税计划。

EN: The Republican-majority Senate ultimately passed the tax cut as a result of 51 votes in favor and 49 against it.
ZH_REF: 共和党占多数的参议院最终以五十一票赞成、四十九票反对的结果通过了这份减税法案。
ZH_HYP: 共和党多数参议院最终通过了减税,,因为51票赞成,49票反对。

EN: and for the middle class.
ZH_REF: 和为中产阶级减负提供了机遇
ZH_HYP: 而中产阶级。

EN: Democrats, on the other hand, have criticized the bill as benefiting large corporations and the rich in the United States.
ZH_REF: 但民主党方面则批评说，这份法案主要让美国大企业和富人受益
ZH_HYP: 另一方面,民主党批评该法案使大型公司和美国的富人受益。

EN: On the 2nd, U.S. President Trump welcomed the Senate voting to pass the tax cut bill
ZH_REF: 美国总统特朗普二号对参院投票通过减税法案
ZH_HYP: 在美国,美国总统对参议院通过减税法案表示欢迎

EN: and stressed that all economic measures by the government are boosting the U.S. economy.
ZH_REF: 表示欢迎，他强调政府的各项经济措施正在提振美国经济
ZH_HYP: 并强调政府的所有经济措施都在推动美国经济。

EN: At the same time, Trump also criticized that it is a mistake for Democratic members of the Senate
ZH_REF: 特朗普同时批评说，参院民主党议员
ZH_HYP: 同时,特朗普也批评,这是对参议院民主的错误

EN: to vote against the bill.
ZH_REF: 对法案全部投反对票是错误行为
ZH_HYP: 对反对票票.

EN: According to the U.S. legislative process, the two chambers will still reach a final unified version of the tax reduction bill in the coming weeks.
ZH_REF: 按照美国立法流程，未来几周参众两院仍将就减税法案继续协商达成最终统一版本
ZH_HYP: 根据美国立法程序,这两个分庭在未来几周内仍将达成最终的减税法案。

EN: And then voted separately before
ZH_REF: 再分别投票通过后
ZH_HYP: 然后然后再投票

EN: According to a spokesman for the Yemeni Houthis armed forces and former President Saleh, the fighting between the two sides on the 2nd in the capital, Sana, has become more severe. Now, it has resulted in the death of 80 people.
ZH_REF: 据也门胡塞武装和前总统萨利赫方面的发言人消息，双方军队二号在首都萨那的交火升级，目前已导致八十人死亡。
ZH_HYP: 据也门武装部队和前总统萨利赫的发言人说,双方在首都萨那的战斗已经变得更加严重,现在,造成80人死亡。

EN: Over 100 people were wounded. According to witnesses, both parties in the conflict dispatched heavy weapons such as tanks and started fighting on the streets of Sana, leaving thousands of people, including children, trapped in the central part of Sana.
ZH_REF: 一百多人受伤 据目击者说，冲突双方出动了坦克等重型武器，在萨那街头展开战斗，数以千计的民众和儿童被困萨那中部
ZH_HYP: 据目击者称,冲突双方都会有100多人受伤,并在萨那街上开始战斗,致使数千人,包括儿童在内的数千人被困。

EN: Currently, the Republican Guard supporting Saleh is also occupying the airport.
ZH_REF: 目前，支持萨利赫的共和国卫队也占领机场
ZH_HYP: 目前,共和党卫队支持萨利赫也在占领机场。

EN: The presidential palace and some important government agencies announced the imposition of a curfew in the occupied territories.
ZH_REF: 总统府和部分重要政府机构，并宣布将在占领区施行宵禁
ZH_HYP: 总统府和一些重要的政府机构宣布在被占领领土实行宵禁。

EN: The Houthis armed forces claimed to have taken control of today's television station, which belonged to Saleh.
ZH_REF: 胡塞武装则声称已经控制了原属于萨利赫的今日电视台。
ZH_HYP: 胡塞武装部队声称控制了今天的电视台,这是属于萨利赫。

EN: Houthis armed forces and Saleh formed an alliance in late 2014 to fight the legitimate government led by Yemeni President Hady.
ZH_REF: 胡塞武装和萨利赫于二零一四年底组成同盟，对抗也门总统哈迪领导的合法政府。
ZH_HYP: 2014年末,塞塞武装部队和萨利赫组成了一个联盟,以打击由也门总统哈迪领导的合法政府。

EN: In September this year, the Houthis Armed Forces announced the appointment of military commanders and other senior positions.
ZH_REF: 今年九月，胡塞武装宣布任命军队指挥官等要职。
ZH_HYP: 今年9月,胡塞武装部队宣布任命军事指挥官和其他高级职位。

EN: Saleh refused to recognize the appointment.
ZH_REF: 萨利赫拒绝承认这一任命。
ZH_HYP: 萨利赫拒绝承认这一任命.

EN: In late November, sporadic fighting started between Saleh supporters and the Houthis Armed Forces.
ZH_REF: 十一月底，萨利赫支持者与胡塞武装之间开始有零星交火。
ZH_HYP: 11月下旬,萨利赫支持者和胡塞武装部队开始了零星战斗。

EN: At the same time, former Yemeni President Saleh said that
ZH_REF: 与此同时，也门前总统萨利赫表示
ZH_HYP: 同时,前也门总统萨利赫说

EN: he was ready to open a new chapter of relations with the multinational coalition led by Saudi Arabia and begin to work with the coalition forces in a positive way
ZH_REF: 他已经准备好与沙特为首的多国联军开启新的关系篇章，开始以积极的方式与联军相处
ZH_HYP: 他准备与沙特阿拉伯领导的多国部队的新关系新的关系,并开始积极与联军合作

EN: However, the premise is that the multinational coalition should stop the attack on Yemen first.
ZH_REF: 不过前提是多国联军先停止对也门的袭击。
ZH_HYP: 但是,前提是,多国联盟应该停止对也门的攻击。

EN: In response, the multinational coalition headed by Saudi Arabia issued a statement that
ZH_REF: 对此，以沙特为首的多国联军发表声明
ZH_HYP: 作为回应,由沙特阿拉伯领导的多国联盟发表了一份声明

EN: On the 2nd, U.S. President Trump said his campaign team has absolutely no collusion with Russia.
ZH_REF: 美国总统特朗普二号说，他的竞选团队和俄罗斯方面绝对没有勾结
ZH_HYP: 在美国第二,美国总统说,他的竞选团队绝对没有与俄罗斯共谋。

EN: This is Trump’s first response to the Russian investigation after Flynn, the former
ZH_REF: 这是特朗普在前总统国家安全事务助理弗林
ZH_HYP: 这是特朗普对俄罗斯调查的第一次回应,

EN: Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs, admitted perjury.
ZH_REF: 承认作伪证后首次就通俄门调查作出反应
ZH_HYP: 国家安全事务助理,接受伪证。

EN: Trump also said he is not worried about what Flynn will say to investigators.
ZH_REF: 特朗普还表示，他并不担心弗林会对调查人员说什么。
ZH_HYP: 特朗普还说,他并不担心弗林林将向调查人员说什么。

EN: On the 1st, Flynn admitted to the judge that he had committed perjury with the FBI on personal contact with Russia and
ZH_REF: 一号，弗林向法官承认，他曾就个人与俄罗斯方面的接触问题向联邦调查局作伪证
ZH_HYP: 在1,弗林恩承认,他曾与联邦调查局就俄罗斯和俄罗斯进行了接触

EN: He has repeatedly expressed his opposition to the German government’s acceptance of immigrants and even stated through right-wing rhetoric that Germany should be proud of veterans in World War II.
ZH_REF: 他曾多次发表反对德国政府接收外来移民的看法，甚至有过德国应为二战老兵骄傲的右倾言论。
ZH_HYP: 他一再表示反对德国政府接受移民,甚至甚至通过右翼言论表示,德国应该为第二次世界大战战中的退伍军人感到自豪。

EN: A large number of local people gathered outside the venue of the conference to protest. They strongly opposed the far-right populism advocated by the party.
ZH_REF: 此次大会的会场外聚集了大批当地民众前来抗议，他们强烈反对选择党的极右民粹主义主张。
ZH_HYP: 许多地方的人聚集在会议的地点抗议,强烈反对该党所主张的极右的民粹主义。

EN: In September this year, during the German federal election, the Select Party was elected to become the third largest party in the House.
ZH_REF: 在今年九月的德国联邦议院选举中，选择党获选成为议院第三大党。
ZH_HYP: 今年9月,在德国联邦选举期间,选出的政党被选为成为众议院第三大政党。

EN: This is the first time that Germany had a far-right political party entering the federation after World War II.
ZH_REF: 这是德国二战后首次有极右翼政党进入联邦议院。
ZH_HYP: 这是德国第一次有一个极右翼政党进入联邦的政党。

EN: This concludes tonight's Xinwen Lianbo broadcast. Thank you for watching.
ZH_REF: 今天的新闻联播节目播送完了，感谢您收看
ZH_HYP: 今晚的新安安安博广播,谢谢你观看。

EN: For more news, visit the CCTV news website. For the download address, search CCTV News +.
ZH_REF: 更多的新闻资讯你还可以关注央视新闻移动网，下载地址可以搜索央视新闻加。
ZH_HYP: 更多的新闻,访问视中央电视台网站,下载下载地址,搜索闭路电视新闻.

EN: Goodbye.
ZH_REF: 再见。
ZH_HYP: 再见。

EN: Good evening, viewers.
ZH_REF: 各位观众晚上好。
ZH_HYP: 晚安,观众。

EN: Today is Monday, December 4, October 17 in the lunar calendar. Welcome to Xinwen Lianbo.
ZH_REF: 今天是十二月四号星期一农历十月十七，欢迎收看新闻联播节目。
ZH_HYP: 今天是12月4日星期一,10月17日在历表上欢迎新安文.

EN: In tonight's program, we will cover the following main content.
ZH_REF: 首先为您介绍今天节目的主要内容。
ZH_HYP: 在今晚的节目中,我们将内容如下:

EN: At the invitation of Xi Jinping, the President of the Maldives will visit China.
ZH_REF: 应习近平邀请马尔代夫总统将访华。
ZH_HYP: 应习近平邀请,马尔代夫总统将访问中国。

EN: Starting today, Xinwen Lianbo will launch a series of reports on the new era, new atmosphere, and new act. There will be in-depth coverage of various departments in various regions that are armed with the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress
ZH_REF: 新闻联播从今天起推出系列报道，新时代新气象新作为，深入报道各地区各部门用党的十九大精神
ZH_HYP: 新安安,新新的新纪元、新新的新的报道,将以十九届全国代表大会精神的各部门深入报道

EN: and their policies.
ZH_REF: 武装头脑，指导实践。
ZH_HYP: 以及他们的政策。

EN: To promote new ideas, new actions, and new effects of the work.
ZH_REF: 推动工作的新思路新举措新成效。
ZH_HYP: 促进新的思想、新行动和新的效果.

EN: Today, innovation-driven development has become an important engine for Shanghai’s development.
ZH_REF: 今天来看，创新驱动成为上海发展重要引擎
ZH_HYP: 今天,创新推动的发展成为上海发展的重要动力。

EN: Li Keqiang held a ceremony to welcome the Canadian Prime Minister to China and held the Second Annual Dialog between China and Canada with the Prime Minister.
ZH_REF: 李克强举行仪式欢迎加拿大总理访华，并与加拿大总理举行第二次中加总理年度对话。
ZH_HYP: 李克强举行了一个仪式,欢迎加拿大总理,并与加拿大总理举行了第二次年度对话。

EN: Zhang Dejiang attended the fourth National Constitution Day symposium and delivered a speech.
ZH_REF: 张德江出席第四个国家宪法日座谈会并讲话
ZH_HYP: 张德江参加了《全国宪法日》研讨会,并发表了演讲.

EN: Wang Yang will attend the 2017 Fortune Global Forum in Guangzhou
ZH_REF: 汪洋将出席二零一七年广州《财富》全球论坛
ZH_HYP: 王阳将出席2017年全球财富论坛

EN: Wang Huning attended the forum on promoting the spirit of Red Ship and delivered a speech.
ZH_REF: 王沪宁出席弘扬红船精神座谈会并讲话。
ZH_HYP: 王亨丁出席了论坛,并发表了讲话.

EN: The General Office of the Central Military Commission issued a notice requiring the entire military and the armed police force to conscientiously organize the study of the second volume of Xi Jinping Talks about State Governance.
ZH_REF: 中央军委办公厅印发《通知》要求全军和武警部队认真组织学习《习近平谈治国理政》第二卷。
ZH_HYP: 中央军事委员会总发布通知,要求军队和武装警察部队认真地组织习近平国家治理的第二卷。

EN: The Central Office of the State Council issued the Guiding Opinions on Establishing and Perfecting the Village Affairs Oversight Committee.
ZH_REF: 中办国办印发《关于建立健全村务监督委员会的指导意见》。
ZH_HYP: 国务院中央公署发布《关于建立和完善村务监督委员会的指导意见》。

EN: Since the implementation of the eight provisions of the Central Government in the past five years, we have been rectifying the trend of four styles.
ZH_REF: 中央八项规定实施五年来，驰而不息纠正四风。
ZH_HYP: 五年来,中央政府八项规定,我们一直在纠正了四种种风趋势。

EN: so that the party style, political style, and the social style can conduct major changes.
ZH_REF: 使党风、政风、社会风气发生重大变化
ZH_HYP: 因此,党的风格、政治风格和社会风格可以进行重大的变革.

EN: The Houthis Armed Forces of Yemen continues crossfires with supporters of Saleh, and the Saudi Arabia-led multinational coalition continued air strikes
ZH_REF: 也门胡塞武装与萨利赫派别交火持续，沙特领导多国联军空袭
ZH_HYP: 也门的武装继续与萨利赫的支持者,,由沙特阿拉伯领导的多国部队继续进行空袭

EN: In support of Saleh’s armed forces.
ZH_REF: 支援萨利赫武装
ZH_HYP: 支持萨利赫的武装部队。

EN: Next, please watch the details.
ZH_REF: 接下来请您收看详细内容。
ZH_HYP: 下请看细节。

EN: Our news. At the invitation of President Xi Jinping, the President of the Republic of Maldives Abdulla Yameen Abdul Gayoom will have a state visit to China
ZH_REF: 本台消息，应国家主席习近平邀请，马尔代夫共和国总统阿卜杜拉亚明阿卜杜尔加尧姆将于十二月六号到九号
ZH_HYP: 我们的新闻应主席主席主席主席,马尔代夫共和国总统阿卜杜勒·伊米耶·加·加姆将对中国进行访问

EN: from December 6 to September 9.
ZH_REF: 对我国进行国事访问
ZH_HYP: 12月6日至9日。

EN: This important exposition has given us loud trumpets to fulfill the new mission and proceed on a new journey.
ZH_REF: 这一重要论述，为我们吹响了履行新使命、进军新征程的响亮号角。
ZH_HYP: 这个重要的博览会使我们大声喇叭,完成新的旅程.

EN: Starting from today, Xinwen Lianbo will launch a series of reports entitled New Era, New Atmosphere, and New Act.
ZH_REF: 从今天开始，《新闻联播》推出系列报道《新时代新气象新作为》。
ZH_HYP: 从今天开始,新安安博将推出一系列新时代、新的新的新和新的。

EN: This is the first company in the world to develop and manufacture educational robots. After graduating from university, 23-year-old Xiao Xu
ZH_REF: 这里是全球第一家研发制造教育机器人的企业，二十三岁的小徐大学毕业后
ZH_HYP: 这是世界上第一个发展和制造教育机器人的公司。

EN: chose to come to Shanghai and he built his own team within half a year.
ZH_REF: 选择来到上海，半年时间里他就已经有了自己的团队。
ZH_HYP: 他选择到上海,他一年之内就自己的团队。

EN: My dream is to make a robot that belongs to myself and helps others.
ZH_REF: 我的梦想是制作一个属于自己的机器人，还能帮助其他人。
ZH_HYP: 我的梦想是制造一个属于自己的机器人。

EN: The robot needs some motors, steering gears, and controllers, all of which can now be developed ourselves.
ZH_REF: 机器人的话它需要一些电机、 舵机然后还有控制器，现在这些都都可以自己研发。
ZH_HYP: 机器人需要一些马达、指导器和控制器,所有这些都可以是现在都可以开发的。

EN: Shanghai introduced preferential policies
ZH_REF: 上海出台优惠政策
ZH_HYP: 上海实行优惠政策

EN: It also led a group of innovative talents to stay in the country and stay in Shanghai.
ZH_REF: 也带动了一批创新型的人才，留在国内，留在上海。
ZH_HYP: 它还带领一批创新人才留在国内,并在上海。

EN: The 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China first proposed the construction of a modern economic system and demanded that
ZH_REF: 十九大报告首次提出建设现代化经济体系，并要求
ZH_HYP: 中国共产党第十九次代表大会提出建设现代经济体系,要求

EN: are being transformed from traditional manufacturing industries.
ZH_REF: 智能制造企业正在从传统制造产业中转型
ZH_HYP: 正在从传统的制造业转变。

EN: In the first three quarters of this year, the value of smart manufacturing reached nearly 16 billion yuan, an increase of nearly 40% over the same period last year. Our original business was
ZH_REF: 今年前三季度，智能制造产值接近一百六十亿元，同比增长近四成。我们原来的企业是
ZH_HYP: 今年前三年,智能制造业的价值达到近160亿元,比去年同期增长近40%。

EN: producing the elevator control system. In the past few years, we clearly felt that the new kinetic energy of the whole new industry was not enough. Therefore, we
ZH_REF: 做那个电梯的控制系统，从前几年我们明显的就感到整个一个产业它新的动能就不足，所以我们
ZH_HYP: 在过去几年中,我们清楚地认为,新新工业的新动能是不够的。

EN: stepped up the transformation and development of this enterprise.
ZH_REF: 加大了这个企业转型发展的力度
ZH_HYP: 加强了企业的转型和发展.

EN: In accordance with General Secretary Xi Jinping’s request, Shanghai is speeding up its march toward becoming a science and technology innovation center with global influence.
ZH_REF: 上海正按照习近平总书记的要求，加快向具有全球影响力的科技创新中心进军。
ZH_HYP: 根据习近平的要求,上海正加快步,成为全球科技创新中心。

EN: In order to speed up the process of transforming of scientific research from paper to money, Shanghai promulgated local regulations this year to promote the transformation and service of scientific and technological achievements.
ZH_REF: 为了让科研成果加快从纸变成钱，今年上海出台地方条例，推动科技成果的转化和服务。
ZH_HYP: 为了加快从纸面到资金的转变,上海今年颁布了地方性法规,以促进科技成果的转变和服务。

EN: Ten days after the closing ceremony of the 19th NPC, Shanghai released to the public the implementation opinions on further promoting the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence.
ZH_REF: 十九大闭幕十天后，上海又发布了进一步推动新一代人工智能发展的实施意见。
ZH_HYP: 十天,上海19日,上海19日,上海向公众发表了进一步促进新一代人工智能发展的意见。

EN: In the process of innovation, there are many unsuitable conditions.
ZH_REF: 在创新过程中，有很多不适应。
ZH_HYP: 在创新过程中,有许多不适宜的条件。

EN: can thrive with vitality.
ZH_REF: 迸发出它们的活力
ZH_HYP: 能与活力与活力.

EN: Enter a new era, science and technology innovation are promising.
ZH_REF: 进入新时代，科技创新大有可为
ZH_HYP: 进入新时代,科技创新是有希望的.

EN: Located in Shanghai, the Chinese Academy of Sciences Institute of Micro-Satellite Innovation is the vanguard of China's satellite technology innovation research.
ZH_REF: 位于上海的中科院微小卫星创新研究院是我国卫星技术创新研究的先锋队。
ZH_HYP: 中国科学院微型卫星创新研究所是我国卫星技术创新研究的先锋.

EN: to make a certain thing. In itself, the target choice for this task is new.
ZH_REF: 做一件新奇的事，本身来讲这个任务的目标选择就是新的。
ZH_HYP: 要做一件事,,目标选择是新的。

EN: With the average age of researchers being only 31 years old, the Chinese Academy of Sciences Institute of Micro-Satellite Innovation
ZH_REF: 科研人员平均年龄只有三十一岁的中科院微小卫星创新研究院
ZH_HYP: 随着研究人员的平均年龄只有31岁,中国科学院微卫星创新

EN: will also launch five satellites in the near future.
ZH_REF: 近期还将有五颗卫星升空
ZH_HYP: 不久将发射五颗卫星。

EN: From materials and devices to components of all-round innovation, it promotes the upgrade and transformation of China's manufacturing industry chain.
ZH_REF: 从材料、器件到部件的全方位创新，推动了我国制造产业链条升级转化。
ZH_HYP: 从材料和设备到全面创新的组成部分,促进了中国制造业链的升级和改造.

EN: In the report of the 19th NPC, it is clearly stated that China has entered into a new era. Personally, the standard of a powerful nation is to take the lead.
ZH_REF: 十九大报告中明确提出了中国已经进入新时代，强国的标准我个人的认为就是要领跑
ZH_HYP: 在第19届全国人民代表大会的报告中,中国已经进入一个新时代,一个强大的国家的标准就是要发挥主导作用。

EN: So far, all satellites launched by our Little Satellite Institute have been groundbreaking, and we will not follow others or chase after others.
ZH_REF: 你到目前为止，我们小卫星研究院发射的所有的卫星全部都是开创性的，我们不会走别人走过的路，也不会去追赶别人
ZH_HYP: 到目前为止,我们的卫星研究所发射的所有卫星都是突破性的,我们不会跟随别人或追逐。

EN: which comprehensively enhance Shanghai's original innovation capability and out-pace the strategic competence of the world in science and technology innovation and development.
ZH_REF: 形成了一批跨学科、多领域、综合性的大科学产业，全面提升了上海原始创新能力和抢占世界科技创新发展先机的战略能力。
ZH_HYP: 全面提升上海创新能力,加快科技创新与发展。

EN: Entering into a new era, the strong driving force brought by innovation-driven development to Shanghai is emerging.
ZH_REF: 进入新时代，创新驱动发展给上海带来的强劲动力正在显现。
ZH_HYP: 进入新时代,创新以创新为驱动的发展带来的强大动力.

EN: Braving to try, daring to make breakthrough, self-determination and the enterprising spirit also originate from the fact that Shanghai has always taken institutional reform as the key to developing this great article.
ZH_REF: 大胆试、大胆闯、自主改的进取精神，也源于上海始终把体制机制改革作为做好发展这篇大文章的关键。
ZH_HYP: 为了实现突破,大胆努力,实现突破、自我决和创业精神,也是上海一直把体制改革作为发展的关键。

EN: The report of the 19th National Congress of the CPC pointed out that to deepen the reform of the science and technology system and establish an innovation system that takes the enterprise as the main body, the market as the orientation and the industry-university-research institute must have deep integration,
ZH_REF: 党的十九大报告中指出，深化科技体制改革，建立以企业为主体、市场为导向、产学研深度融合的技术创新体系
ZH_HYP: 中国共产党第19届次会议报告指出,深化科技体制改革,建立企业主体主体的创新体系,市场作为方向发展,必须深入探讨,

EN: which is precisely for the reform mechanism to promote innovation and create a better atmosphere for the innovation subject.
ZH_REF: 也正是要通过改革机制促进创新，为创新主体营造更好的氛围。
ZH_HYP: 正是改革机制促进创新,为创新创造更好的氛围。

EN: After the welcoming ceremony, Li Keqiang held the second annual dialog between China and Canada with Trudeau.
ZH_REF: 欢迎仪式后，李克强同特鲁多举行第二次中加总理年度对话。
ZH_HYP: 在欢迎仪式后,李克强与中国与加拿大的的对话.

EN: Li Keqiang made positive comments on the development of Sino-Canadian relations over the past year
ZH_REF: 李克强积极评价中加关系一年来的发展
ZH_HYP: 李克强在过去一年中中对中中中的发展提出了积极的评论

EN: Li Keqiang said that at present, economic globalization continues to advance. A new round of scientific and technological industrial revolution has swept the globe.
ZH_REF: 李克强表示，当前经济全球化持续推进，新一轮科技和产业革命席卷全球
ZH_HYP: 李克强说,目前经济全球化继续推进,新一轮科技革命已席卷了全球。

EN: To maintain the sound and stable development of Sino-Canadian relations, we must comply with the trend of the times,
ZH_REF: 中加关系要持续健康稳定发展，必须顺应时代潮流
ZH_HYP: 要保持中美关系的稳定发展,我们必须顺应时代潮流,

EN: uphold mutual respect, treat each other equally, seek mutual benefits and win-win cooperation, and constantly expand common interests.
ZH_REF: 坚持相互尊重、平等相待、互利共赢，不断拓展共同利益。
ZH_HYP: 坚持相互尊重,平等,寻求互利共赢,不断扩大共同利益。

EN: Li Keqiang pointed out that Sino-Canadian pragmatic cooperation has strong complementarity and it is expected to expand bilateral trade and investment, encourage the enterprises of the two countries to invest and start business in each other's countries,
ZH_REF: 李克强指出，中加务实合作互补强，应扩大双向贸易投资，鼓励两国企业赴对方国家投资兴业
ZH_HYP: 李克强指出,中务实合作有着密切的互补性,预计将扩大双边贸易投资,鼓励两国企业在彼此投资和创业,

EN: Li Keqiang stressed that both China and Canada are important countries in the Asia-Pacific region and significant trade nations in the world, and the positive signals sent by both countries on promoting the liberalization of trade and investment is in the common interests of both sides.
ZH_REF: 李克强强调，中加同为亚太地区重要国家和世界贸易大国，在推进贸易投资自由化便利化问题上发出积极信号符合双方共同利益。
ZH_HYP: 李克强强调,中和加拿大是世界重要的国家,世界上重要的贸易国家,两国积极推动贸易和投资自由化的积极信号。

EN: The door to China's opening up to the outside world will become larger and larger and the business environment will become better and better. China will continue to be a hot spot for international investment.
ZH_REF: 中国对外开放的大门会越开越大，营商环境会越来越好，将继续是国际投资的热土。
ZH_HYP: 中国对外开放的大门越来越大,企业环境将变得越来越好,中国将继续成为国际投资的热点。

EN: in the spirit of mutual benefit and reciprocity.
ZH_REF: 延续两国友谊
ZH_HYP: 本着互利和互惠的精神.

EN: Canada supports free trade and is ready to work with China to promote globalization and free trade and make its contribution to the sustainable development of the world.
ZH_REF: 加方支持自由贸易，愿同中方共同推动全球化和自由贸易，为全球可持续发展作出贡献。
ZH_HYP: 加拿大支持自由贸易,愿与中国一道,推动全球化和自由贸易,为世界的可持续发展做出贡献。

EN: Both sides also exchanged views on international and regional issues of common interest.
ZH_REF: 双方还就共同关心的国际和地区问题交换意见。
ZH_HYP: 双方还就共同关心的国际和区域问题交换了意见。

EN: After the talks, China's premier and the prime minister of Canada witnessed the signing of bilateral cooperation documents in the fields of education, food safety, and energy.
ZH_REF: 会谈后，两国总理共同见证了教育、食品安全、能源等领域双边合作文件的签署。
ZH_HYP: 会谈后,中国总理总理和加拿大总理见证了在教育、食品安全和能源领域签署了双边合作文件。

EN: On the afternoon of the 4th, Li Keqiang and Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau jointly met with reporters.
ZH_REF: 四号下午，李克强与加拿大总理特鲁多共同会见记者。
ZH_HYP: 4日下午,李克强和加拿大总理特鲁共同会见了记者。

EN: Li Keqiang introduced the outcome of the second annual ministerial-level dialog between China and Canada.
ZH_REF: 李克强介绍了第二次中加总理年度对话成果。
ZH_HYP: 李克强介绍了中国与加拿大之间的年度部长级对话的结果。

EN: He said both China and Canada unanimously agree to promote the process of globalization and safeguard the liberalization and facilitation of trade and investment,and both are ready to work together to explore the feasibility of the FTA.
ZH_REF: 他表示，中加双方一致同意要推动全球化进程，维护贸易投资自由化、便利化，愿共同努力探讨中加自贸协定可行性。
ZH_HYP: 他说,中两国都同意推动全球化进程,保障贸易和投资的自由化和便利,双方都愿意共同努力,探讨自由贸易协定的可行性。

EN: China is open to the process and the content of the negotiation.
ZH_REF: 中方对谈判进程和内容持开放态度。
ZH_HYP: 中国对谈判的进程和内容持开放态度。

EN: Both sides agree to step up cooperation in tourism and aviation and to closely promote humanities exchanges between the two countries.
ZH_REF: 双方同意加强旅游、航空合作，密切两国人文交流。
ZH_HYP: 双方同意加强旅游和航空领域的合作,并密切促进两国的人文交流。

EN: We share opportunities and welcome challenges together to push forward the Sino-Canadian relations in this golden stage.
ZH_REF: 共享机遇，共迎挑战，推动中加关系在黄金阶段不断闪出耀眼光芒。
ZH_HYP: 我们共同分享机遇,迎接中中中中中中中中中中中中中中中中中中中中中中的挑战。

EN: deepen cooperation in various fields, commit to common development and prosperity, and build a stable and active relationship with China in the medium to long term.
ZH_REF: 深化各领域合作，致力于共同发展繁荣，打造加中长期稳定活跃的关系。
ZH_HYP: 深化各个领域的合作,致力于共同发展和繁荣,与中国建立稳定、积极的关系。

EN: Zhang Dejiang, president of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, attended the 4th National Constitution Day Symposium and delivered a speech on the 4th.
ZH_REF: 全国人大常委会委员长张德江四号出席第四个国家宪法日座谈会并讲话
ZH_HYP: 全国人大常委会主席张德江参加了第四届国家宪法日研讨会,并在第四期发表了讲话。

EN: He emphasized that we need to regard the study and implementation of the socialist ideology with Chinese characteristics in a new era of Xi Jinping
ZH_REF: 他强调，要把深入学习贯彻习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想
ZH_HYP: 他强调,我们在习近平新时代的研究和实施工作

EN: as the most important task in studying and implementing the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress. It is important to comprehensively implement the major decision making and deployment on strengthening the implementation and supervision of the constitution under the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core.
ZH_REF: 作为学习贯彻党的十九大精神的重中之重，全面贯彻落实以习近平同志为核心的党中央关于加强宪法实施和监督的重大决策部署
ZH_HYP: 在中国习近平同志为核心党中央委员会,贯彻落实加强中央政治部的重大决策和部署,,重要的是要贯彻落实《宪法》的重大决策和部署。

EN: We must unswervingly adhere to the principles of the Constitution, carry forward the spirit of the Constitution, fulfill the mission of the Constitution, and give full play to the important role of the Constitution in successfully building a well-off society in an all-around way
ZH_REF: 更加坚定自觉地恪守宪法原则、弘扬宪法精神、履行宪法使命，更好发挥宪法在决胜全面建成小康社会
ZH_HYP: 坚持宪法的原则,坚持宪法的精神,充分发挥宪法宪法使命,充分发挥宪法的使命,充分发挥宪法的使命,发挥重要作用

EN: and build an all-around modernized socialist nation.
ZH_REF: 全面建设社会主义现代化国家中的重要作用。
ZH_HYP: 并建设一个现代化的社会主义民族.

EN: Zhang Dejiang pointed out that the Constitution is the fundamental law of the country and is the general charter for administering state affairs well and ensuring national security.
ZH_REF: 张德江指出，宪法是国家的根本法，是治国安邦的总章程。
ZH_HYP: 张德江指出,宪法是国家的根本法,是国家管理国家安全的基本法律。

EN: It is the concentrated expression of the will of the party and the people. To vigorously carry forward the spirit of the Constitution and fully implement the Constitution, we must unswervingly adhere to the leadership of the CPC,
ZH_REF: 是党和人民意志的集中体现。大力弘扬宪法精神、全面贯彻实施宪法，要坚定不移坚持中国共产党的领导
ZH_HYP: 大力推进宪法的精神,充分贯彻执行宪法的精神,充分贯彻执行宪法,

EN: firmly maintain the central position of General Secretary Xi Jinping, firmly safeguard the authority of the Party Central Committee and centralize and unify the leadership, unswervingly uphold socialism with Chinese characteristics,
ZH_REF: 坚定维护习近平总书记的核心地位，坚定维护党中央权威和集中统一领导，坚定不移坚持中国特色社会主义
ZH_HYP: 坚定地维护习近平总书记,坚定维护党中央委员会的权威,集中和坚持中国特色社会主义,

EN: and equality before the law.
ZH_REF: 转化为全体人民的自觉行动
ZH_HYP: 在法律面前人人平等。

EN: Zhang Dejiang emphasized that conducting in-depth publicity and education on the Constitution is important fundamental work for comprehensively promoting the administration of the country according to the law and is also a long-term task that needs constant effort.
ZH_REF: 张德江强调，深入开展宪法宣传教育，是全面推进依法治国的重要基础性工作，也是一项久久为功的长期任务。
ZH_HYP: 张德江强调,深入开展宣传教育是全面依法促进国家管理的重要根本工作,也是长期长期的长期任务。

EN: We should continue to play the important role of performing the activities on National Constitution Day and pledge allegiance to the Constitution, carry out publicity and education on the Constitution by using the methods loved by the masses,
ZH_REF: 要继续发挥好国家宪法日活动、宪法宣誓等重要抓手的作用，更多采用人民群众喜闻乐见的方式
ZH_HYP: 我们应当继续发挥重要作用,在宪法日活动和宪法的承诺,通过群众的群众爱好宪法,开展宣传教育,开展宣传教育,

EN: strive to improve law attainment by the entire nation, and lay a solid ideological foundation and create a good social environment for pushing forward the implementation of Constitutional law.
ZH_REF: 开展宪法宣传教育，努力提高全民族法治素养，为推动宪法法律贯彻实施筑牢坚实思想基础、营造良好社会环境。
ZH_HYP: 努力完善法律的实现,为推进宪法的实施创造良好的社会环境。

EN: to establish constitutional awareness and enhance their confidence in the Constitution. They will become firm believers, preachers, practitioners, and defenders of the Constitution.
ZH_REF: 树立宪法意识，增强宪法自信，成为宪法的坚定信仰者、宣讲者、实践者、维护者。
ZH_HYP: 建立宪法意识,提高宪法的信心,成为宪法的坚定信心、传教者、从业人员和捍卫者。

EN: Li Jianguo attended the symposium.
ZH_REF: 李建国出席座谈会。
ZH_HYP: 李国国参加了这次研讨会.

EN: Wang Chen presided over the symposium.
ZH_REF: 王晨主持座谈会。
ZH_HYP: 王陈先生主持了这次研讨会.

EN: Vice Premier Wang Yang of the State Council will attend the opening ceremony of the 2017 Fortune Global Forum held in Guangzhou from December 6 to December 8
ZH_REF: 本台消息，二零一七年《财富》全球论坛将于十二月六日至八日在广州举行，国务院副总理汪洋将出席论坛开幕式。
ZH_HYP: 国务院副总理王ang将出席2017年12月6日至12月在广州举行的全球财富论坛开幕式

EN: and deliver a keynote speech.
ZH_REF: 并发表主旨演讲。
ZH_HYP: 并发表主旨演讲。

EN: Meanwhile, Vice Premier Wang Yang will meet with Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau and the Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea O'Neill who will attend the forum.
ZH_REF: 其间，汪洋副总理将会见出席论坛的加拿大总理特鲁多、巴布亚新几内亚总理奥尼尔。
ZH_HYP: 与此同时,王副总理将与加拿大总理特鲁多总理和总理奥尼尔总理。

EN: The symposium on carrying forward the Red Ship Spirit was held on December 4 in Jiaxing, Zhejiang Province. Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Secretary of the Central Secretariat, attended the meeting and made a speech.
ZH_REF: 弘扬红船精神座谈会十二月四号在浙江嘉兴召开，中共中央政治局常委、中央书记处书记王沪宁出席会议并讲话。
ZH_HYP: 12月4日,浙江省嘉兴举行了红船精神研讨会,并在浙江省嘉宾、中央秘书、中央秘书处常务委员会委员、中央秘书处秘书。

EN: We will promote the further study and implementation of the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Party and Xi Jinping's thoughts on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, inspire and encourage all cadres and masses
ZH_REF: 推动把学习贯彻党的十九大精神和习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想引向深入，激励和鼓舞广大干部群众用伟大精神
ZH_HYP: 推进党次党精神精神,进一步研究和贯彻党的安安思想,鼓励和鼓励干部和群众

EN: to promote great practice with great spirit, never forget their initial mission, keep their mission firmly in mind, and make unremitting efforts to achieve the tasks put forward by the 19th National Congress.
ZH_REF: 推动伟大实践，不忘初心、牢记使命、永远奋斗，为实现党的十九大提出的任务不懈努力。
ZH_HYP: 以大精神推动伟大的实践,永远不要忘记他们的使命,铭记任务的任务,为实现十九国国会议所提出的任务而不懈努力。

EN: Wang Huning said that the spirit of the Red Ship is the source of the Chinese revolutionary spirit, and it shows the initial intention of the Chinese Communists.
ZH_REF: 王沪宁表示，红船精神是中国革命精神之源，昭示着中国共产党人的初心
ZH_HYP: 王亨宁说,红船的精神是中国革命精神的源泉,它体现了中国共产党的初步意图。

EN: The pioneering spirit
ZH_REF: 它所承载的首创精神
ZH_HYP: 先锋精神

EN: and the spirit of struggle and dedication it carries are the spiritual impetus to our party's tenacious struggle and continuous development and growth. It is also a valuable spiritual asset for our party to establish and govern and rejuvenate the country.
ZH_REF: 奋斗精神、奉献精神，是激励我们党顽强奋斗、不断发展壮大的精神动力，是我们党立党兴党、执政兴国的宝贵精神财富
ZH_HYP: 奋斗精神和奉献精神精神,是我们党顽强的斗和不断发展的精神动力,也是我国党建立和振兴的精神动力。

EN: It is also a strong spiritual support to uphold and develop socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era.
ZH_REF: 也是新时代坚持和发展中国特色社会主义的坚强精神支撑
ZH_HYP: 在新时代,中国也是一个强大的精神支持,以维护和发展中国特色社会主义。

EN: We must integrate the idea of carrying forward the spirit of the Red Ship and deepening the study and publicity of the 19th National Congress and firmly grasp the main idea of Xi Jinping's thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era.
ZH_REF: 要把弘扬红船精神同深化党的十九大精神学习宣传贯彻结合起来，牢牢把握习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想这个主线。
ZH_HYP: 我们必须把推进红船精神,深化第19届国会议的研究与宣传,牢牢把握习近平在新时代的社会主义思想的思想。

EN: Make great efforts on learning and mastering.
ZH_REF: 在学懂弄通做实上下功夫
ZH_HYP: 大力学习和掌握.

EN: We should deepen the study and publicity of the revolutionary spirit, such as the spirit of the Red Ship, and carry out various forms of educational practice to guide people in actively participating in the great practice of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era.
ZH_REF: 要深化对红船精神等革命精神的学习宣传，开展形式多样的教育实践，引导人们积极投身新时代中国特色社会主义伟大实践。
ZH_HYP: 深化革命精神的研究和宣传,,开展各种形式的教育实践,引导人们积极新时代中国特色社会主义伟大实践。

EN: Before the forum, the participants jointly paid tribute to the Red Ship in South Lake.
ZH_REF: 座谈会前，与会人员共同瞻仰了南湖红船。
ZH_HYP: 在论坛前,与会者共同向南湖的红船表示了敬意。

EN: And they visited the South Lake Revolutionary Memorial Hall.
ZH_REF: 参观了南湖革命纪念馆
ZH_HYP: 他们参观了南湖革命纪念馆。

EN: The General Office of the Central Military Commission recently printed and issued the Notice on Carefully Organizing and Learning Xi Jinping's Speech on the Governance of China, Volume II.
ZH_REF: 本台消息，中央军委办公厅日前印发《关于认真组织学习习近平谈治国理政第二卷的通知》。
ZH_HYP: 中央军事委员会总办公室最近印发并印发了习近平中国施政演讲的通知。

EN: It demands that the PLA and the Armed Police Force thoroughly study and understand Xi Jinping's socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and raise the spirit of learning, propaganda, and implementation of the 19th National Congress.
ZH_REF: 要求全军和武警部队深入学习领会习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想，兴起学习宣传贯彻党的十九大精神热潮。
ZH_HYP: 要求人民解放军和武装警察部队在新时代的中国特色社会主义,提高学习、宣传和实施。

EN: The Notice points out that studying and implementing Xi Jinping's socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era is a major political task of the entire party and army for the present and future.
ZH_REF: 《通知》指出，学习贯彻习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想，是当前和今后一个时期全党全军的重大政治任务
ZH_HYP: 通知指出,在新时代,研究和实施习近平的社会主义是全党和军队的一项重大政治任务。

EN: At all levels, we should have the highest political consciousness and the highest standards and take on the first
ZH_REF: 各级要以高度政治自觉和走在前列标准，把《习近平谈治国理政》第二卷和先期出版的
ZH_HYP: 在各级,我们应该具有最高的政治意识和最高标准,并在第一

EN: and second volume of Xi Jinping: The Governance of China, published previously as the authoritative books in the profound study and understanding of Xi Jinping's socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, and the spirit of the 19th National Congress,
ZH_REF: 《习近平谈治国理政》第一卷，作为深入学习领会习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想和党的十九大精神的
ZH_HYP: 习近平第二卷:中国的治理,作为《中国》的权威性书,《中国》,《中国》,

EN: and unify it to the major decisions and deployments set by the 19th National Congress of the party.
ZH_REF: 统一到党的十九大确定的重大决策部署上来
ZH_HYP: 并统一党第十九次代表大会所的重大决定和部署。

EN: Poverty and Death in Indonesia's Land of Gold
ZH_REF: 印尼金洲的贫穷与死亡
ZH_HYP: 印度尼西亚黄金之地的贫困和死亡

EN: When Bardina Degei cooks dinner, she doesn't use a stove.
ZH_REF: 巴德汀娜·戴杰做饭的时候不用炉子。
ZH_HYP: 当巴德纳·迪饭饭时,她不用炉子。

EN: She rarely even uses a pot.
ZH_REF: 她甚至很少用锅。
ZH_HYP: 她甚至很少用锅.

EN: In her wooden home in Enarotali, the capital of Paniai regency in the restive Indonesian province of Papua, the housewife usually just places a sweet potato - known locally as "nota" - directly into the fireplace.
ZH_REF: 她的木屋位于印度尼西亚巴布亚省帕尼艾县首府埃纳罗塔利,这位家庭主妇通常只是把一个红薯——当地人称其为“nota”——直接放进火里。
ZH_HYP: 在她的的印尼巴布亚省的帕里,她的木制家,家庭主妇通常只是把土豆称为“nota”-直接进入壁炉。

EN: After half-an-hour, the charred tuber is retrieved and devoured with eager, unwashed hands.
ZH_REF: 半个小时后，这烧焦的红薯就被一双没有洗过的手迫不及待地拿了出来，狼吞虎咽地吃掉。
ZH_HYP: 半小时后,烧焦的块茎,被热切地捡了。

EN: Degei sits on the mud floor - she has no furniture - which is where she also performs her daily chores, such as washing clothes with murky water from the nearby swamp.
ZH_REF: 戴杰坐在泥地上——她没有家具，这里也是她做日常家庭杂务的地方，比如洗衣服，洗衣服的水十分浑浊，都是从附近的沼泽地里弄来的。
ZH_HYP: 她坐在泥地板上——她没有家具——她也在那里做日常的,比如用附近的水来洗水。

EN: A bucket in a roofless room serves as a latrine.
ZH_REF: 一个没有屋顶的房间里放着一个水桶，这就是户外厕所。
ZH_HYP: 一个屋顶的屋宇作为一个厕所.

EN: As the youngest of her husband's four wives, she has been assigned no fields to tend.
ZH_REF: 她是丈夫四个妻子中最年轻的那个，所以她没有被分到田地来照料。
ZH_HYP: 她丈夫的四位妻子中,她被被派到了。

EN: Polygamy is common here.
ZH_REF: 一夫多妻现象在这里很常见。
ZH_HYP: 一夫多妻制在这里。

EN: Of course, working late can be dangerous: Most of the village men are unemployed and many drink heavily, plus there are the soldiers.
ZH_REF: 当然工作到很晚会很危险：村里大部分男人都没有工作，而且很多都烂醉如泥，加上这里有很多士兵。
ZH_HYP: 当然,工作的工作很危险:大多数村子都是失业,很多人都是很多,还有士兵。

EN: "No one dares to walk around the village after 5 p.m.," she says.
ZH_REF: 她说：“没人敢在下午 5 点以后在村里走动。”
ZH_HYP: “没有人敢在5点以后的村庄走。”

EN: It's a rare glimpse of daily life in the highlands of Papua, a former Dutch colony that was absorbed into Indonesia in 1969 following a controversial referendum, when just 1,026 elders were forced to vote through a public show of hands before occupying troops.
ZH_REF: 这是巴布亚高地日常生活的罕见一瞥，这里曾经是荷兰的殖民地，1969 年全民公投后并入印度尼西亚，但那次公投也备受争议，当时只有 1026 名长辈被强迫在占领此地的军队面前通过举手表决投票。
ZH_HYP: 这是一个罕见的的生活,在1969年,在一个有争议的公投之后,它被印度尼西亚的,当时只有1026名长老在在占领部队之前被公开投票。

EN: An existing movement agitating for independence against Dutch rule swiftly turned its ire against the Jakarta government, which maintains tight control over the region, barring foreign journalists or rights monitors.
ZH_REF: 目前强烈要求独立、反对荷兰统治的运动很快又将矛头指向雅加达政府，因为该政府对该地区实行高压统治，隔绝外国记者和维权人士。
ZH_HYP: 一个反对荷兰独立的运动迅速地反对雅加达政府,政府对雅加达政府的控制控制,该政府对该地区保持着严格的控制,禁止外国记者或权利监督。

EN: In 2003, the province was officially split into Papua and West Papua, with independent Papua New Guinea occupying the eastern part of the island.
ZH_REF: 2003 年，该省正式分裂为巴布亚省和西巴布亚省，而巴布亚新几内亚独立控制该岛东部。
ZH_HYP: 2003年,该省正式分为巴布亚和西巴布亚,独立巴布亚新几内亚占领了巴布亚新几内亚。

EN: Enarotali is as remote as it is desolate; the journey here involves a 90-minute flight from the provincial capital Jayapura to Nabire, and then a stomach-churning five-hour drive by hire car.
ZH_REF: 埃纳罗塔利位置偏远，荒无人烟；要到这里来需要从省会查亚普拉坐 90 分钟飞机到那比雷，然后租车行驶 5 个小时，一路胃里翻江倒海。
ZH_HYP: 埃纳利的人是荒凉的,这里的旅程包括从省首都雅拉apura到纳比尔,然后是通过租用汽车的五小时开车。

EN: There is no public transport.
ZH_REF: 这里没有公共交通。
ZH_HYP: 没有公共交通。

EN: The town of some 19,000 people consists of wooden houses ringed by bamboo fencing, corrugated iron roofs transformed by rust into varying tawny shades.
ZH_REF: 在这个大约有 19,000 人的城镇里，木屋外环绕着竹栅栏，褶皱的铁皮屋顶是各类由铁锈制成的黄褐色的遮盖物。
ZH_HYP: 约19,000人的木制房屋由竹笋围栏,瓦楞铁铁铁屋顶变成了不同的棚。

EN: Very few Indonesians have made the journey here, let alone journalists, and practically no foreigners.
ZH_REF: 很少有印尼人来到里，更别说新闻记者，也几乎没有外国人。
ZH_HYP: 很少有印度尼西亚人在这里,更不用说记者了,而且几乎没有外国人。

EN: Before Christian missionaries arrived, Mee Pago Papuans worshiped a God named Uga Tamee.
ZH_REF: 在基督教传道士到来之前，Mee Pago 巴布亚人信奉一个叫 Uga Tamee 的神。
ZH_HYP: 在基督教传教士到来之前,梅埃帕帕帕派一个神。

EN: There were other changes, too.
ZH_REF: 这里也还有其他的改变。
ZH_HYP: 还有其他变化。

EN: "We were not used to wearing these clothes," says Degei, indicating her vividly colored, hand-woven turban, dark shirt and a bright skirt.
ZH_REF: 戴杰说“我们穿不惯这些衣服。”她指的是她那颜色亮丽的手织头巾、深色衬衫和鲜艳的半裙。
ZH_HYP: “我们不习惯穿这些衣服,”戴吉表示,她她生动的颜色、手巾、黑色衬衫和一件鲜艳的裙子。

EN: "Before, we only wore leaves on our bodies."
ZH_REF: “我们以前只用树叶盖住身体。”
ZH_HYP: “以前,我们只穿了叶子。”

EN: Papua is Indonesia's poorest province, where 28% of people live below the poverty line and with some of the worst infant mortality and literacy rates in Asia.
ZH_REF: 巴布亚是印度尼西亚最贫穷的省份，这里 28% 的人生活在贫困线以下，也是亚洲婴儿死亡率最高而识字率最低的地区。
ZH_HYP: 巴布亚是印度尼西亚最贫穷的省份,28%的人生活在贫困线以下,亚洲的婴儿死亡率和识字率最差。

EN: But it is also Indonesia's land of gold.
ZH_REF: 但是这里也是印尼的金洲。
ZH_HYP: 但这也是印尼的黄金。

EN: The world's largest and most profitable gold mine, Grasberg, owned by Phoenix-based Freeport McMoran, lies just 60 miles from Paniai, a highland province around the size of New Jersey and home to 153,000 people.
ZH_REF: 帕尼艾县地处高地，面积大约与新泽西州相同，拥有 153,000 人。世界上最大、最有利可图的金矿格拉斯伯格距离这里只有 60 英里，该金矿由总部位于凤凰城的费利浦·麦克莫兰铜金公司所有。
ZH_HYP: 世界上最大的最大、最盈利的黄金矿,位于位于位于位于潘西的的自由港,位于潘西岛附近的60英里,是新泽西州的高地省,153

EN: In 2015 alone, Freeport mined some $3.1 billion worth of gold and copper here.
ZH_REF: 仅在 2015 年，费利浦就在这里开采了大约价值 31 亿美元的金矿和铜矿。
ZH_HYP: 仅在2015年,就就在这里开采了价值31亿美元的黄金和铜。

EN: In addition, Papua boasts timber resources worth an estimated $78 billion.
ZH_REF: 此外，巴布亚的木材资源十分丰富，估计价值为 780 亿美元。
ZH_HYP: 此外,巴布亚拥有价值估计780亿美元。

EN: These riches are, however, a source of misery for Papuans, ensuring Indonesia's powerful military maintains a suffocating presence.
ZH_REF: 然而这些丰富的资源也是巴布亚人悲剧的来源，印尼强大的军事力量是因此才得以一直压制着他们。
ZH_HYP: 然而,这些财富是对人民来说是一个痛苦的根源,确保印度尼西亚的强大的军队保持着��息。

EN: A 2005 investigation in The New York Times reported that Freeport paid local military personnel and units nearly $20 million between 1998 and 2004, including up to $150,000 to a single officer.
ZH_REF: 《纽约时报》一份 2005 年的调查报道显示，费利浦在 1998 年至 2004 年间向当地军事人员和部队支付近 2 千万美元，单单一位官员就高达 150,000 美元。
ZH_HYP: 2005年在纽约时报》进行的调查报告,1998年至2004年期间,弗里eport向当地的军事人员和单位支付了近2000万美元

EN: Papuan calls for greater autonomy threaten this golden goose, and are dealt with mercilessly.
ZH_REF: 巴布亚人对独立自主的诉求越来越强烈，这威胁到了这位金主，他们因而遭受了残忍的待遇。
ZH_HYP: 帕瓜呼吁更大的自主权,并无情地处理。

EN: According to rights activists, more than 500,000 Papuans have been killed, and thousands more have been raped, tortured and imprisoned by the Indonesian military since 1969.
ZH_REF: 据维权人士称，1969 年以来，有超过 50 万巴布亚人被杀害，数千人被印尼军队强奸、折磨和关押。
ZH_HYP: 据权利活动家称,自1969年以来,有50多万人被杀害,另有数千人被印度尼西亚军队的强奸、酷刑和监禁。

EN: Mass killings in Papua's tribal highlands during the 1970s amounted to genocide, according to the Asia Human Rights Commission.
ZH_REF: 据亚洲人权委员会称，1970 年代在巴布亚部落高地的大规模屠杀已升级为种族灭绝。
ZH_HYP: 据亚洲人权委员会的说法,1970年代发生的大规模屠杀事件构成了种族灭绝。

EN: Indonesian police arrested more than 3,900 peaceful protesters in the region last year alone.
ZH_REF: 单单去年印尼警方就逮捕了 3,900 多名和平抗议者。
ZH_HYP: 仅去年,印尼警察在该地区逮捕了3900多名和平抗议者。

EN: We Will Lose Everything, a 2016 report by the Archdiocese of Brisbane, contains testimony of atrocities committed the previous year, such as extrajudicial executions, torture - rape and electrocution are especially popular, according to another report - and the brutal crushing of peaceful demonstrations.
ZH_REF: 天主教布里斯班总教区 2016 年的一份报告《我们将会失去一切》囊括了对前一年昭昭恶行的证明，比如法外处决、折磨——另一份报告称强奸和电邢尤其普遍——以及对和平游行示威的残酷镇压。
ZH_HYP: 我们将失去每件,布里斯班的报告,2016年布里斯班区的报告,其中包括法外处决、酷刑和电刑等,以及和平示威的残暴镇压。

EN: "It's difficult to count the number of victims as incidents happen every week," says Andreas Harsono, Indonesia researcher for Human Rights Watch.
ZH_REF: 人权观察组织印尼研究员安德里亚斯·哈尔索诺称，“暴力事件每天都在发生，因此很难计算受害者的人数。”
ZH_HYP: “人权观察社的印度尼西亚研究人员安德烈亚斯?哈尔斯诺说:“每周都会有多少人数到数。

EN: The screws have tightened as Papua's resources bring an influx of settlers from elsewhere in Indonesia.
ZH_REF: 巴布亚的资源招来印尼以外的大批移民，压迫便开始了。
ZH_HYP: 由于巴布亚的资源使来自印度尼西亚其他地方的定居者涌入涌入。

EN: The province's 3.5 million population is 83% Christian, but the demographic is changing as Muslim economic migrants arrive from Indonesia's populous islands of Java, Borneo, Sumatra and Sulawesi.
ZH_REF: 该省 350 万人口中有 83% 是基督徒，但是穆斯林经济移民从人口稠密的爪哇岛、加里曼丹岛、苏门答腊岛、苏拉威西岛来到这里以后，其人口结构就发生了变化。
ZH_HYP: 该省的350万人口为83%,但随着穆斯林经济移民从印度尼西亚人口人口人口人口的人口人口从印度尼西亚人口人口人口人口变化。

EN: Javanese warung canteens sell fried chicken and gado-gado mixed-vegetables served with peanut sauce.
ZH_REF: 爪哇人的小吃摊出售炸鸡和蔬菜混合的加多加多，配以花生酱。
ZH_HYP: 大哇的食肉和和多多混合蔬菜配制蔬菜。

EN: Local people struggle to compete.
ZH_REF: 当地人努力抗争。
ZH_HYP: 当地人争相竞争。

EN: "The migrants started to sell chicken and vegetables in the traditional market cheaper than the local Papuans," explains Abeth You, a 24-year-old Paniai native who moved to the provincial capital Jayapura for work.
ZH_REF: 24 岁的帕尼艾当地人阿波斯·尤搬到了省会查亚普拉去找工作，他解释道“那些移民开始在传统市场以比当地巴布亚人更低的价格出售鸡肉和蔬菜。
ZH_HYP: “移民开始在传统市场上卖鸡肉和蔬菜,比当地当地的木瓜,”,你说,24岁的帕西尼人,他们搬到了省府贾拉。

EN: "It made the native Papuans - the mama-mama [the women] of Papua - lose their market."
ZH_REF: 这让当地巴布亚人——巴布亚女人 ( mama-mama)——失去了她们的市场。”
ZH_HYP: "这使得本地的木瓜——妈妈失去了市场。

EN: Indonesian President Joko Widodo, popularly known as Jokowi, vowed to address the inequalities and rights abuses in Papua during his election campaign in 2014.
ZH_REF: 印尼总统佐科·维多多（人们常称其为佐科维）在他 2014 年的竞选活动上发誓要解决巴布亚的不平等问题和滥用职权问题。
ZH_HYP: 印度尼西亚总统佐科维·戈多多在2014年竞选竞选期间,在巴布亚的不平等和权利权利问题。

EN: The former carpenter secured 27 of Papua's total 29 districts - including Paniai - on the way to the Presidential Palace in Jakarta.
ZH_REF: 这位曾经的木匠通往雅加达总统府的道路受到了全部 29 个地区中 27 个地区的支持——包括帕尼艾。
ZH_HYP: 前木匠在雅加达总统府途中获得了27个地区的27个。

EN: But precious little has changed in Papua, and today local people feel betrayed.
ZH_REF: 但是巴布亚什么也没有改变，今天，当地人感觉遭到了背叛。
ZH_HYP: 但是,巴布亚的珍贵的改变,而今天的当地人感到背叛了。

EN: "Our hearts have been broken because in 2014 we voted for Jokowi, with the expectation that he would fulfill our hopes for justice to be restored," You says.
ZH_REF: 尤说“我们已经心碎了，2014 年我们给佐科维投了票，希望他能实现我们的愿望，重新恢复公平。”
ZH_HYP: “我们的心已经破碎了,因为2014年我们投票给乔科维,希望他能恢复正义的希望。

EN: In fact, Paniai suffered a nadir just two months after Jokowi's October inauguration.
ZH_REF: 事实上，在佐科维 10 月份就任仅仅两个月后，帕尼艾就遭遇了最可怕的噩梦。
ZH_HYP: 事实上,在月后,潘家里遭受了一个纳迪尔。

EN: On Dec. 7, 2014 a group of 11 children were outside singing Christmas carols in front of a bonfire in Enarotali when two Indonesian soldiers on a motorbike broke through the gloom.
ZH_REF: 2014 年 12 月 7 日，埃纳罗塔利 11 名儿童在外面的篝火前唱着圣诞颂歌，两名印尼士兵突然骑着摩托车冲了过来。
ZH_HYP: 2014年12月7日,一群11名儿童在在在恩罗利的篝火前唱圣诞颂歌时,他们在在圣诞颂歌。

EN: The startled children told them that they should turn on their headlights.
ZH_REF: 受惊的孩子们告诉他们应该打开车头灯。
ZH_HYP: 那些惊吓的孩子告诉他们他们应该打开车灯。

EN: One of the soldiers took umbrage at their tone and later returned with four soldiers, according to local Pastor Yavedt Tebai.
ZH_REF: 据当地牧师亚伟特·特拜称，其中一名士兵对他们的语气不满，随后带着四名士兵回来了。
ZH_HYP: 当地的一名士兵对他们的音调,后来又带着四名士兵回来。

EN: The soldiers, who had been drinking, chased and beat the group with their rifle butts, said victims and witnesses.
ZH_REF: 受害者和目击者称这些喝醉的士兵用他们的枪把追着这群孩子打。
ZH_HYP: 士兵们和目击者说,他们的枪击,用步枪打败了。

EN: Then one of the soldiers fired into the group of children.
ZH_REF: 然后其中一名士兵对着这群孩子开了枪。
ZH_HYP: 然后,其中一名士兵向儿童开火。

EN: One child, 16-year-old Yulianus Yeimo, was beaten so badly he fell into a coma.
ZH_REF: 16 岁的尤利安努斯·叶墨因被打得严重而昏迷。
ZH_HYP: 一个孩子,16岁的yulianusyeimo,被打伤了昏迷。

EN: A couple of hours later, the nearby government Election Commission building was set ablaze, and things escalated the following day.
ZH_REF: 几个小时后，附近政府机构选举委员会大楼燃起熊熊大火，第二天事件升级。
ZH_HYP: 几个小时后,附近的政府选举委员会大楼被设置了火,第二天日也在升级。

EN: About 1,000 young Papuan men, women and children gathered on a soccer field in front of the local police station and military command center to demand justice.
ZH_REF: 大约 1,000 名年轻巴布亚男子、女人和儿童聚集在当地警察局和军事指挥中心前的一个足球场要求伸张正义。
ZH_HYP: 在当地警察局和军事指挥中心的前,大约有1000名青年的男子、妇女和儿童聚集在足球场。

EN: They carried ceremonial hunting bows and performed the waita dance - running in circles and simulating birdsong - of Papua's Mee Pago tribe.
ZH_REF: 他们带着仪式用的猎弓，跳着巴布亚 Mee Pago 部落的 waita 舞——绕圈奔跑，并模仿鸟鸣。
ZH_HYP: 他们在了仪式,并在了《维塔a舞蹈》,并在了《的梅洛-帕戈部落。

EN: Some protesters started hurling stones at police and military posts.
ZH_REF: 部分抗议者开始往军事经常岗哨扔石头。
ZH_HYP: 一些抗议者开始向警察和军事哨所投掷石块。

EN: As tempers grew more heated, an order was sent to the soldiers through internal radio: "If the masses offer resistance more than three times, shoot them dead," it said, according to an official document seen by TIME that has not been released to the local media.
ZH_REF: 根据《时代》杂志看到的一份官方文件记录，当情绪持续激化，士兵们通过内部无线电收到命令：“如果人群抵抗超过三次，立即枪决。”但这份文件并没有向当地媒体发布。
ZH_HYP: 据官方文件,随着时间的增长,人们通过内部电台向士兵发出了命令:“如果群众提供抵抗力,超过三倍,就会向他们发出了命令。”

EN: Yeremias Kayame, 56, the head of the Kego Koto neighborhood of Enarotali, saw the impending danger and appealed for calm, imploring the crowd to go back home.
ZH_REF: 56 岁的耶雷米亚斯·卡亚木是埃纳罗塔利 Kego Koto 街区的首领，他感觉到了即将有危险发生，于是呼吁人群冷静，并恳求他们回家。
ZH_HYP: 埃里米亚的凯戈·凯特附近的凯雷米斯·凯伊,看到了即将到来的危险,并呼吁保持冷静,恳求群众回家。

EN: Nobody was in the mood to listen.
ZH_REF: 但没人有心情听他说。
ZH_HYP: 没有人听听。

EN: "When I turned around I suddenly got shot in my left wrist," he told TIME on the porch of his brightly painted wooden house.
ZH_REF: 他站在他那栋颜色鲜艳的木屋的门廊上告诉《时代》杂志“当我回过头来的时候，我的左腕突然中枪。”
ZH_HYP: “当我转过身时,我突然左腕的手腕的门廊上。

EN: Kayame still doesn't know who fired but says the bullet came from the ranks of amassed soldiers.
ZH_REF: 卡亚木现在仍然不知道是谁开的枪，但他说子弹来自聚集的士兵之中。
ZH_HYP: 凯耶还不知道谁解雇了,但他说子弹来自于士兵的士兵。

EN: "It was crowded, many shots were fired," he adds.
ZH_REF: 他又说“当时很挤，他们开了很多枪。”
ZH_HYP: “这是拥挤的,许多枪被枪击。

EN: Local man Alfius Youw was hit three times, according to his cousin who witnessed the shootings.
ZH_REF: 据当地人奥尔夫尤斯·尤尔的堂兄弟称，他目睹了枪击，看到奥尔夫尤斯·尤尔身中三枪。
ZH_HYP: 据他表兄,,他的打了三次。

EN: "I ran to him and examined his body to make sure it was him," Yohanes, who like many Indonesians only goes by one name, told TIME somberly.
ZH_REF: 尤哈内斯悲伤地告诉《时代》杂志，“我跑过去检查他的身体看是不是他，
ZH_HYP: “我跑到他去,检查了他的身体,以确保他的,“许多印度尼西亚人,只是一个名字,一个名字,

EN: "I saw he was dead ... I kissed him."
ZH_REF: 我发现他已经死了……我亲吻了他。”
ZH_HYP: “我看到他已经死了。

EN: The Papua Police Chief Inspector General Yotje Mende told reporters that his officers were only "securing" their station because it was under attack.
ZH_REF: 巴布亚警方总督察尤杰·门德告诉记者，他的下属只是在“保护”警察局，因为警察局受到了袭击。
ZH_HYP: 警察局长耶德·门德告诉记者说,他的军官只是在受到攻击。

EN: "We have to defend ourselves when people threaten to kill us," Papua Police spokesperson, Commissioner Pudjo Sulistiyo said in 2015.
ZH_REF: 2015 年巴布亚警方发言人、警察局长普吉奥·苏利斯提奥称“有人威胁要杀我们的时候，我们必须自卫。
ZH_HYP: “我们必须在2015年,当人们威胁我们,我们必须保卫自己。

EN: "It's a matter of life and death."
ZH_REF: 这是关乎生死的问题。”
ZH_HYP: “这是生死攸关的问题。

EN: According to Human Rights Watch, five young protesters were killed and many more injured.
ZH_REF: 据人权观察组织称，五名年轻抗议者被杀，还有更多人受伤。
ZH_HYP: 据人权观察,5名年轻抗议者被杀,更多受伤。

EN: News of the killings only filtered through to Jakarta the following day.
ZH_REF: 第二天关于此次杀戮的消息只在雅加达慢慢传开。
ZH_HYP: 第二天,消息只过滤到雅加达。

EN: Three weeks later, Jokowi gave an impassioned speech in Jayapura, where he expressed sympathies with the victims' families and vowed to address the historic abuses in Papua.
ZH_REF: 三个星期后，佐科维在查亚普拉作了一次声情并茂的演讲，对受害者家人表示深切同情，并发誓要解决巴布亚历史遗留的滥用职权问题。
ZH_HYP: 三个星期后,乔科维在贾亚普拉发表了一个热烈的讲话,他向受害者家属表示同情,并发誓要解决巴布亚的历史虐待行为。

EN: "I want this case to be solved immediately so it won't ever happen again in the future," he said.
ZH_REF: 他说“我希望此案能尽快解决，这样未来就不会再发生这样的事。”
ZH_HYP: “我希望立即解决这个案件,所以将来不会再发生。”

EN: Security Minister Wiranto said in October 2016 that he was setting up a non-judicial mechanism to settle historic human-rights violations.
ZH_REF: 2016 年 10 月安全部长维兰多称他要设立一个非司法机制来解决侵犯人权这一历史遗留问题。
ZH_HYP: 安全部长wirantto于2016年10月说,他正在建立一个非司法机制,以解决历史的侵犯人权行为。

EN: But the excuses started almost immediately.
ZH_REF: 但是推脱的借口也几乎立马响起。
ZH_HYP: 但几乎是几乎立即开始的。

EN: "Most of the violations occurred a long time ago.
ZH_REF: 他说，“大部分的侵犯发生在很久以前。
ZH_HYP: "大多数侵权行为发生在很久。

EN: Some were in the '90s and in early 2000s.
ZH_REF: 有些是在 90 年代和 2000 年代初。
ZH_HYP: 有些是在2000年代初的。

EN: The point is we are committed to addressing these violations, but there are processes to go through," he said.
ZH_REF: 重点是我们已致力于解决这些侵犯，但是这还需要一个过程。”
ZH_HYP: 我们正致力于解决这些侵权行为,但有过程可以通过。

EN: Then Wiranto backtracked when speaking to TIME in Jakarta on June 5, saying he has no plans to establish a grievance mechanism in Papua.
ZH_REF: 然后 6 月 5 日在雅加达，维兰多在与《时代》杂志对话时出尔反尔，他说他没有在巴布亚建立申诉机制的计划。
ZH_HYP: 在6月5日在雅加达的时候,他说,他没有计划在巴布亚建立一个申诉机制。

EN: Instead, "All will be settled by law," he said.
ZH_REF: 相反，他说“一切会依法解决。”
ZH_HYP: 相反,“所有都将通过法律解决。”

EN: Families of the Paniai victims greeted such claims with grim incredulity.
ZH_REF: 帕尼艾事件受害者家属对这些说辞嗤之以鼻。
ZH_HYP: 帕尼娅受害者的家属表示了这种要求。

EN: "I've been interviewed four times for the past three years, but there has been no progress at all," Yohanes says.
ZH_REF: 尤哈内斯说“在过去的三年中，我已经接受了四次采访，但是事情完全没有进展。”
ZH_HYP: “我过去三年里过了四次,但没有任何进展。”

EN: "I'm tired."
ZH_REF: 多年后他说“我累了。”
ZH_HYP: "我很累。"

EN: He says that years later, he still lives in fear.
ZH_REF: 他现在仍然生活在恐惧之中。
ZH_HYP: 他说,几年后,他仍然生活在恐惧之中。

EN: "I'm afraid," he says.
ZH_REF: 他说“我很害怕。
ZH_HYP: “我害怕。

EN: "I'm afraid of being arrested by the military, afraid to be shot."
ZH_REF: 我害怕被军队逮捕，害怕被枪杀。”
ZH_HYP: "我害怕被军方逮捕,恐怕被枪杀了。”

EN: His brother Yacobus echoed the view that people in Paniai are fearful of discussing the incident.
ZH_REF: 他的兄弟尤卡布斯也认为帕尼艾的人民很害怕谈论那次事件。
ZH_HYP: 他的哥哥yacobus也表示人们担心讨论这一事件。

EN: He says he was beaten by the military after helping to bury four of the victims.
ZH_REF: 他说他在帮助埋葬四名受害者之后被军方打了。
ZH_HYP: 他说,他在帮助埋葬了四位。

EN: "After burying the bodies, the military came looking for me," he says.
ZH_REF: 他说“埋了尸体之后，军方来找我。”
ZH_HYP: “埋葬尸体后,军队来找我。”

EN: The shootings haven't stopped.
ZH_REF: 枪击并未停止。
ZH_HYP: 枪击没有停止。

EN: On Tuesday, Indonesian police shot at villagers in Paniai's neighboring Deiyai regency.
ZH_REF: 星期二，印尼警方在帕尼艾邻县德亚伊县枪击村民。
ZH_HYP: 星期二,印尼警察开枪打死了尼的的。

EN: One person died and 17 others were wounded, including children, during a confrontation between villagers and the manager of a construction company who refused to help transport an unconscious man to hospital.
ZH_REF: 一名建筑公司经理拒绝帮助运送一名昏迷男子去医院，双方发生冲突，一人死亡，另 17 人受伤，其中还有儿童。
ZH_HYP: 一名人死亡,17人受伤,包括儿童,在村民和建筑公司经理之间的冲突中,一名人受伤。

EN: The man, 24-year-old Ravianus Douw who drowned while he was fishing in a nearby river, died on the way to hospital.
ZH_REF: 24 岁的男子拉维亚努斯·多伍在附近河边钓鱼时溺水，在去医院的路上死亡。
ZH_HYP: 他在附近的河边钓鱼时死了,他在附近的河边钓死。

EN: Incensed villagers protested in front of the company's site office.
ZH_REF: 愤怒的村民在该公司的现场办公室前抗议。
ZH_HYP: 在公司的办公处前抗议.

EN: Police said the villagers threw rocks at officers, who responded by firing warning shots.
ZH_REF: 警方称村民向警察扔石头，所以警察开枪警告。
ZH_HYP: 警方说,村民们向军官投掷石块。

EN: But locals say the mobile brigade (Indonesian paramilitary police) began shooting at the crowd, killing one.
ZH_REF: 但是防暴机动部队（印尼准军事警察）开始向人群开枪，一人被杀。
ZH_HYP: 但当地人说,旅(印尼准军事警察)开始向人群开枪,打死了一人。

EN: "We were so panicked, we are afraid there will be revenge," 29-year-old Dominggu Badii, who lives near the hospital and witnessed the injured being hurried in, tells TIME.
ZH_REF: 29 岁的多明谷·巴迪告诉《时代》杂志称，“我们当时都慌了，现在很害怕他们会报复。”他住在医院附近，当时目睹了伤员被急忙送进医院。
ZH_HYP: “我们非常惊慌,我们害怕报复,”29岁的dominggubadii在医院附近,看到受伤受伤者,告诉时间。

EN: "I have been hiding in my house for two days."
ZH_REF: “我在家躲了两天。”
ZH_HYP: “我已经躲在家里了两天。

EN: The Deiyai parliament has called for the officers involved to be held to account and the police mobile brigade to be withdrawn from the area.
ZH_REF: 德亚伊议会已经呼吁将涉事警察绳之以法，并将防暴机动部队撤离该地区。
ZH_HYP: 德iy议会要求让有关官员官员被追究,并将警察机动旅撤出该地区。

EN: Paniai has always been a troublespot for the Indonesian government.
ZH_REF: 帕尼艾对印尼政府来说一直是一个是非之地。
ZH_HYP: paniai对印度尼西亚政府来说是个麻烦。

EN: The lack of meaningful development feeds the discontent of the tribal Mee, Moni, Dani, and Damal peoples, who live sprawled across Papua's verdant central highlands.
ZH_REF: 有效发展的缺失滋长了 Mee、Moni、Dani 和 Damal 部落人民的不满，这些部落分散在帕尼艾葱郁的中央高地。
ZH_HYP: 缺乏有意义的发展,助长了部落的梅、莫尼、达尼和达达尔人的不满。

EN: Many joined the Free Papua Movement (OPM), the rebel army that claims to defend the rights of the Papuans by launching sporadic attacks and kidnapping raids on Indonesian soldiers.
ZH_REF: 很多人加入了自由巴布亚运动 (OPM)，该组织是一支反叛军队，声称要通过分散袭击和突袭绑架印尼士兵来保护巴布亚人的权利。
ZH_HYP: 许多人加入了自由自由运动,声称是为了保卫人民的权利,发动零星袭击和绑架印度尼西亚士兵。

EN: Some of the top OPM leaders hail from Paniai, including Tadius Yogi and Daniel Yudas Kogoya.
ZH_REF: 部分自由巴布亚运动高层领导出生于帕尼艾，包括塔迪尤斯·尤吉和丹尼尔·尤达斯·柯高亚。
ZH_HYP: 一些顶级的领导人来自帕尼,包括塔迪斯·瑜伽和丹尼尔·尤达。

EN: In response, thousands of people in Paniai have been arrested and arbitrarily detained by the military in recent years, under the guise of "safeguarding national sovereignty."
ZH_REF: 因此，近几年数千帕尼艾人被军方打着“维护国家主权”的幌子逮捕，并故意拘留。
ZH_HYP: 作为回应,数千人在在"维护国家主权"的幌子下被逮捕和任意拘留。

EN: Some never reappear.
ZH_REF: 有些人再未出现过。
ZH_HYP: 有些人从未再现。

EN: Among the people of Papua, Paniai is known as "a tragic, forgotten place."
ZH_REF: 在巴布亚人眼里，帕尼艾就是一个“被遗忘的悲剧之地”。
ZH_HYP: 在巴布亚人民中,帕内被称为"一个悲剧性的、遗忘的地方"。

EN: Poverty feeds the discontent.
ZH_REF: 贫穷滋长了不满。
ZH_HYP: 贫穷给不满。

EN: The little rice on sale in Enarotali is too expensive for locals to buy.
ZH_REF: 埃纳罗塔利在售的大米少得可怜，当地人根本买不起。
ZH_HYP: 在罗里的小米在当地买买的。

EN: Bread is just as out of reach.
ZH_REF: 面包根本就遥不可及。
ZH_HYP: 面包就够不及了.

EN: People here grow everything they eat: mainly nota plus some fruit and leafy vegetables.
ZH_REF: 这里的人种植他们能吃的一切：主要是红薯和一些水果和叶子蔬菜。
ZH_HYP: 这里的人吃的东西都是:主要是不加一些水果和叶子蔬菜。

EN: Farming is the job of the women, who each can maintain four or five fields of the sweet potato.
ZH_REF: 耕种是女人的工作，每一位女性都能照料四块或五块红薯地。
ZH_HYP: 农是女性的工作,她们都能维持四五种马铃薯。

EN: They usually keep most of the harvest for the family, with the rest sold in the local market.
ZH_REF: 他们通常将大部分收成留作家用，剩余的放到当地市场上卖。
ZH_HYP: 他们通常把收割的大部分收成,其余的是在当地市场上出售。

EN: Ten pieces of nota cost only 10,000 Indonesian rupiah (75 cents).
ZH_REF: 十块红薯只值 1 万印尼卢比（75 美分）。
ZH_HYP: 十块公屋的费用只有1万印尼盾)。

EN: Over time, economic inequalities have grown between the native Papuans and the new migrants, who have arrived in greater numbers since the opening of a new air routes to Nabire Airport.
ZH_REF: 随着时间的推移，经济不平等已经在当地巴布亚人和新移民中拉开，自从往那比雷机场的新路线开放以来这些移民的人数就大大增加了。
ZH_HYP: 随着时间的推移,在纳布尔机场新的航线以来,经济不平等现象已经增加。

EN: What few jobs exist typically go to the better-educated and wealthier migrants.
ZH_REF: 现有的少量工作通常都落到了受过更好教育且更富有的移民手里。
ZH_HYP: 通常,只有受过教育和更富裕的移民。

EN: Papuans rarely have the capital or the necessary skills to run their own businesses competitively.
ZH_REF: 巴布亚人很少有资金或必需的技能经营有竞争性的公司。
ZH_HYP: 巴布亚人很少具备资本或必要的技能。

EN: "The young people are not interested to stay in the village ... because there's no jobs or money here," says John Gobai, the chairman of the tribal council of Paniai.
ZH_REF: 帕尼艾部落理事会主席约翰·戈拜称“年轻人并不想留在这个村庄......因为这里没有工作也没有钱。”
ZH_HYP: “尼部落委员会主席约翰·戈白说:“这里没有工作或钱,所以在这里没有工作或钱。

EN: Isolation keeps the world's eyes off Papua.
ZH_REF: 巴布亚与世隔绝。
ZH_HYP: 隔离使世界的眼睛放在巴布亚。

EN: In addition, reporting restrictions for international media remain tight.
ZH_REF: 此外国际媒体报道的限制依然很紧。
ZH_HYP: 此外,对国际媒体的报告限制仍然很紧。

EN: Earlier this year, French journalists Franck Escudie and Basille Longchamp were deported from Papua for a "lack of coordination with related institutions" despite having been granted rare permission to film.
ZH_REF: 今年早些时候，法国记者弗兰克·埃斯库迪和巴塞尔·隆尚被驱逐出巴布亚，因为他们“不与相关机构配合”，即使他们已经罕见地拿到了拍摄授权。
ZH_HYP: 今年早些时候,法国记者弗兰克·埃斯科·和巴斯勒·朗查普被因"与有关机构的协调"而被驱逐出境。

EN: According to Phelim Kine, Deputy Asia Director of Human Rights Watch, Jokowi's election campaign pledges to lift reporting restrictions to boost transparency and development have not been realized.
ZH_REF: 据人权观察组织亚洲副局长费利姆·凯恩称，佐科维撤销报道限制以促进透明化和发展的选举誓言并没有实现。
ZH_HYP: 据人权观察,人权观察社副主任长jokowi竞选活动的承诺,提高透明度和发展。

EN: "There are new hazards for foreign journalists attempting to report from Indonesia's restive easternmost provinces of Papua and West Papua: visa denial and blacklisting," he said in a statement.
ZH_REF: 他在一次声明中称“如果外国记者试图报道印尼最东部的不满省份巴布亚和西巴布亚，他们是有新风险的：拒绝签证和拉入黑名单。”
ZH_HYP: 他在一份声明中表示:“对于试图向印尼最东巴布亚和西巴布亚省的的记者报告,记者们的新的危险。

EN: The lack of press scrutiny means international pressure on the Indonesian government has been largely limited to Papua's immediate neighbors.
ZH_REF: 没有媒体监督意味着国际上对印尼政府的压力基本上只局限于巴布亚的邻国。
ZH_HYP: 缺乏新闻检查,这对印度尼西亚政府的压力很大程度上局限于巴布亚的邻国。

EN: In March, six Pacific nations - Tonga, Nauru, Palau, Tuvalu, the Marshall Islands, and the Solomon Islands - urged the U.N. Human Rights Council to investigate the "various and widespread violations" in Papua, including the Paniai shooting.
ZH_REF: 3 月份，6 个太平洋国家——汤加、瑙鲁、帕劳、图瓦卢、马绍尔群岛、所罗门群岛——要求联合国人权理事会调查巴布亚“各类普遍的人权侵犯事件”，包括帕尼艾枪击案。
ZH_HYP: 3月,6个太平洋国家-汤加、瑙鲁、帕劳、图瓦卢、马绍尔群岛和所罗门群岛-敦促联合国人权理事会调查在巴布亚发生的各种和广泛的侵犯行为,包括paniai枪击。

EN: These same countries have historically backed the OPM.
ZH_REF: 这几个国家也曾支持自由巴布亚运动 。
ZH_HYP: 这些国家历来支持opm。

EN: Indonesian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Arrmanatha Nasir shrugged off the group's allegations, telling journalists in Jakarta, "In Indonesia, a democratic system still applies and there's free media so it's hard for the evidence of human rights cases to be covered up."
ZH_REF: 印尼外交部发言人阿尔曼纳塔·纳西尔对该群体的指控满不在乎，他告诉雅加达的记者说，“印尼仍在实行民主体制，而且媒体自由，因此人权侵犯案的证据是很难被掩盖的。”
ZH_HYP: 印度尼西亚外交部发言人阿马纳·纳西尔对该集团的指控,在雅加达的记者说,"在印尼,民主制度仍然适用,有自由的媒体,因此很难将人权案件的证据。

EN: Local people want more foreign governments to take note.
ZH_REF: 当地人希望更多外国政府重视。
ZH_HYP: 当地人希望更多的外国政府注意。

EN: Indonesia has another presidential election in 2019, but Papuans say they are unlikely to vote again for Jokowi.
ZH_REF: 印尼将在 2019 年举行下一届总统选举，但是巴布亚人称他们不太可能再投佐科维。
ZH_HYP: 2019年,印度尼西亚又一次总统选举,但但巴斯说,他们不可能再次投票。

EN: "Jokowi is a person who has good intentions, but he is surrounded by the people who are involved in the Paniai shooting," says Gobai, the tribal council chairman.
ZH_REF: 部落理事会主席戈拜称“佐科维的意图是好的，但是他周围都是参与了帕尼艾枪击案的人。”
ZH_HYP: “乔伊是一个有好的意图,但他被包围了帕尼尼射击的人。

EN: He wants Jokowi to know that the Paniai people, aside from living under the looming threat of a rapacious military, wallow in destitution, with paltry education and health services.
ZH_REF: 他想让佐科维知道帕尼艾人民不仅生活在贪婪的军队的威胁之下，而且一无所有，这个地区教育寥寥，公共医疗保健服务匮乏。
ZH_HYP: 他希望乔科维人知道,除了在一个贪婪的军事威胁下,生活在不小的人的威胁下,在教育和保健服务。

EN: Gobai says the Paniai people, like other Papuans, consider their vote to Jokowi as a "debt" he must repay.
ZH_REF: 戈拜说帕尼艾人民像其他巴布亚人一样认为他们投给佐科维的选票是他必须偿还的债务。
ZH_HYP: ”“巴尼人,像其他的木瓜一样,认为他们的投票是“债务”。

EN: "They don't need money, they just want justice," he says.
ZH_REF: 他说“他们不需要钱，他们需要正义。”
ZH_HYP: “他们不需要钱,他们只是想要正义。”

EN: Despite the threats and intimidation, families of the Paniai shooting victims carried out one last symbolic act of defiance: burying one victim's body on land just opposite the police and military station.
ZH_REF: 即使在威胁与恐吓之下，帕尼艾枪击案受害者的家属依然作出了他们最后一次象征性的反抗：将一具受害者尸体埋在那个军事警察岗哨的对面。
ZH_HYP: 尽管受到威胁和恐吓,但paniai枪击受害者的家庭最后一次象征性的行为:在警察和军事站的土地上埋葬一个受害者的尸体。

EN: Knowing that justice may never be served, at least they won't let those responsible forget their crimes.
ZH_REF: 他们知道正义也许永远不会到来，但至少他们不会让那些罪魁祸首忘记他们的罪行。
ZH_HYP: 知道正义可能永远不会被他们的责任忘掉。

EN: "A member of our family has been killed," says Yacobus, head bowed.
ZH_REF: 尤卡布斯低着头说“我的家人被杀了，
ZH_HYP: “我们的一个成员被杀了,”尤acobus说。

EN: "What else could we do?"
ZH_REF: 我们还能做什么？”
ZH_HYP: “我们还能做什么?”

EN: Industry insiders believed that with the listings of Shangpin Home Collection and Oppein Home Group, the customized home furnishing sector, which was already soaring, will turn from production competition to competing for capital.
ZH_REF: 业内人士认为，随着尚品宅配、欧派家居的接踵上市，原本就处在风口上的定制家居领域将由产品竞争转向资本角逐。
ZH_HYP: 业内人士认为,随着商家的的,,商家的家居的自制家庭的将从生产竞争中转向竞争。

EN: At the beginning of the new year, when Shangpin Home Collection’s IPO was first approved, news of the listing of this classic brand, which represented the customized home furnishing sector, attracted the attention of the entire home furnishing industry.
ZH_REF: 尚品宅配首发获批新年伊始，定制家居领域一个典型的代表品牌尚品宅配即将上市的消息，吸引着整个家居行业的关注。
ZH_HYP: 在新年开始时,当shangpinhome的首次获得批准时,这个经典品牌的上市的消息,这款经典的品牌的上市的关注。

EN: On the 9th (Beijing time), Reuters reported that Samsung Electronics Co Ltd launched its first set of components for autonomous driving and infotainment solutions it jointly developed with Harman International on Tuesday. This was a major move by the company to expand into the automotive electronics market.
ZH_REF: 北京时间9日路透社称，三星电子公司周二发布了与哈曼国际（Harman International）共同开发的首套自动驾驶车用的组件，以及信息娱乐解决方案，这是该公司进军车用电子市场的重要举措。
ZH_HYP: 据路透社报道,在北京(北京时间),路透社报道,三星电子有限公司(samsungelectron)推出了第一套自主驾驶和和和的解决方案的第一套部件

EN: Samsung Electronics acquired Harman International about a year ago.
ZH_REF: 三星电子在大约一年前收购了哈曼国际。
ZH_HYP: 三星电子一年前获得了曼国际。

EN: At the International Consumer Electronics Show (CES) held in Las Vegas this week, Samsung unveiled its automotive camera equipped with collision warning, lane-departure warning, and adaptive cruise control, which was also developed jointly with Harman.
ZH_REF: 在本周于拉斯维加斯举办的消费电子产品展（CES）上，三星发布了具有碰撞警示、车道偏移警示、巡航控制功能的车用摄影机，这些产品是与哈曼合作开发的。
ZH_HYP: 在本周在拉斯维加斯举行的国际消费电子产品展览会上,三星公布了与汽车相撞的警告、车道预警和自适应巡航控制。

EN: Samsung plans to begin shipping this camera system, which is built on automatic machine learning and augmented reality technology this year.
ZH_REF: 三星计划今年开始出货这套摄影机系统，这套系统是建构在机器自动学习及扩增实境等技术上。
ZH_HYP: 三星计划计划今年开始,今年是自动机自动机学习和扩大的的。

EN: Samsung also exhibited a “digital cockpit”, which allows a car to adapt to the personalized characteristics of the driver even if he or she is not the car owner by accessing the user’s information from mobile devices and cloud.
ZH_REF: 三星同时也展示了“数字驾驶舱”，就算驾驶人不是车主，也可以让车辆更具个人化特色，因这套系统可以让用户从移动设备及云端下载驾驶人的资料。
ZH_HYP: samsung也展出了“数字驾驶舱”,它允许汽车能够适应驾驶装置和云的的用户的信息,使汽车能够适应司机的个性化特性。

EN: The 20th round of CBA regular season will begin tonight, which also means the start of the second half of CBA league in 2016~2017 season.
ZH_REF: 今晚，CBA第20轮常规赛的比赛即将开始，这也意味着2016~2017赛季的CBA联赛下半程开始。
ZH_HYP: 2000年,2017年赛季的20赛季开始,这也意味着2016年至2017年赛季的赛季。

EN: Fire engulfs Dubai's 'Torch' skyscraper for second time
ZH_REF: 大火再次吞没迪拜“火炬”摩天塔
ZH_HYP: 迪拜的火力摩天大楼

EN: A fire ripped through one of the world's tallest residential towers in Dubai on Friday, forcing hundreds of occupants to flee the 337 metre-tall, 79-storey structure.
ZH_REF: 周五，迪拜一座世界最高的住宅大楼发生火灾，迫使数百名居民逃离这座高 337 米，79 层的超高层建筑。
ZH_HYP: 上周五,迪拜的世界上最高的一个高楼,,迫使数百名居住者逃离337个高的79层的

EN: It's the second blaze to sweep through the high-rise - which happens to be called the Torch tower - in just two years.
ZH_REF: 这是短短两年内第二场横扫高层建筑的大火，而恰巧发生在是被称为“火炬”的摩天塔。
ZH_HYP: 在两年的时间里,这是大火的大火塔----在两年之内。

EN: The building was evacuated, no injuries were reported, and there was no immediate word on the cause of the blaze.
ZH_REF: 该大楼已经进行了疏散，没有人员受伤的报道，目前还未发现导致大火的原因。
ZH_HYP: 这栋建筑被疏散,没有没有受伤,没有没有立即的。

EN: "We were sleeping and we woke up to the fire alarm and people screaming.
ZH_REF: “我们正在睡觉，然后我们被火警吵醒，人们就开始尖叫了。
ZH_HYP: ”我们睡着了,我们醒来时起警。

EN: We ran down the stairs and it took us about 10 minutes to reach from the 50th floor," a resident who gave his name as George told Reuters.
ZH_REF: 我们跑下楼梯，从 50 层跑下来大约需要 10 分钟，“一位叫乔治的居民告诉路透社。
ZH_HYP: 我们跑下楼梯,我们从50分钟到达了,“一位在乔治告诉路透社的一位居民。

EN: Dubai's civil defence authorities said firefighting squads put out the blaze at around 4.00 am local time (0000 GMT) and were cooling the building.
ZH_REF: 迪拜的民防当局称，消防队在当地时间 (格林威治标准时间 0000) 4 点左右扑灭了大火，并正在为该大楼进行降温处理。
ZH_HYP: 迪拜的民防当局说,消防队队在当地时间时间(0000格林尼治),并正在冷却建筑。

EN: The government said it was working on providing shelter for those affected.
ZH_REF: 政府表示正在努力为受到影响的人员提供避难场所。
ZH_HYP: 政府说,它正在为受影响者提供住所。

EN: The incident may revive questions about the safety of materials used on the exteriors of tall buildings across the world.
ZH_REF: 这起事故可能会再次引发世界各地对高层建筑使用外墙材料安全问题的关注。
ZH_HYP: 这一事件可能会使人们对高大建筑物的安全问题。

EN: An investigation by the management of the Torch after its 2015 fire found that most of the damage was to the cladding, exterior panelling used for decoration or insulation.
ZH_REF: “火炬”摩天大厦管理层在其 2015 年发生的火灾后进行的一项调查发现，被损坏的大部分物体的是装饰和绝缘用的覆层外墙板。
ZH_HYP: 火炬2015年火炬管理的调查发现,大部分损坏是用于装饰或绝缘的的。

EN: In the UK, police have said they believe the system of insulation and cladding panels on London's Grenfell Tower may have contributed to the rapid spread of a fire there in June in which some 80 people died.
ZH_REF: 英国警方已经表示，他们认为伦敦格伦费尔大楼的隔热和覆面板系统的问题可能是导致 6 月份火迅速蔓延的原因，这场大火造成约 80 人死亡大。
ZH_HYP: 在英国,警方表示,他们认为伦敦的格温塔的绝缘和熔体小组的可能导致6月份迅速蔓延,其中80人死亡。

EN: The Williams team also suggested that Massa might return, even though he had already announced his retirement.
ZH_REF: 威廉姆斯车队还暗示马萨有可能会重返，尽管他已经宣布了退役。
ZH_HYP: 威廉斯队还建议,马萨可能会回来。

EN: January 9 is just a month away from the PyeongChang Winter Olympics. As the Olympic torch relay moves north, warm-ups and intense preparations for the Games were carried out. South Korea was warming up for the Winter Olympics.
ZH_REF: 1月9日距离韩国平昌冬奥会开幕仅剩一个月，随着奥运圣火从南向北的传递预热和各项筹备工作紧锣密鼓地进行，韩国国内的冬奥气氛日益浓厚。
ZH_HYP: 1月9日是平日的冬季奥运会,,奥运会火炬传递的北,热力和激烈的准备,为奥运会进行了准备。

EN: Public opinion in South Korea hope that this long-waited North-South Dialog would lead to an “Easter egg” (nice surprise) for the countdown to the PyeongChang Winter Olympic Games.
ZH_REF: 韩国舆论期待这一久违的朝韩会谈，能为平昌冬奥会倒计时一个月带来一颗“彩蛋”。
ZH_HYP: 韩国的舆论希望,这个漫长的北南对话将导致““复活节”(令人惊喜)。

EN: The Winter Olympic torch arrived in South Korea on November 1 last year.
ZH_REF: 去年11月1日，平昌冬奥会圣火抵达韩国。
ZH_HYP: 冬季的奥运火炬去年11月1日抵达韩国。

EN: The fervor stirred up by the Olympic torch is directly reflected on the sale of admission tickets for the PyeongChang Winter Olympics.
ZH_REF: 圣火掀起的热潮直接反映在了平昌冬奥会的门票销售上。
ZH_HYP: 奥运火炬传递的热力是直接反映在平市冬奥会的销售销售。

EN: South Korean media reported that as of January 3, the proportion of tickets sold for the PyeongChang Winter Olympics has reached 64%, and that for the Paralympics has also exceeded 50%.
ZH_REF: 据韩国媒体报道，截至1月3日，平昌冬奥会门票销售已达到64%，冬残奥会门票销售率也突破了50%。
ZH_HYP: 韩国媒体报道,截至1月3日,为乾昌冬奥会的票数达到64%,而残奥会的比例也超过50%。

EN: To encourage foreigners to come to watch the Games, South Korea’s Ministry of Justice has also announced on the 8th that foreigners who visit the country for the PyeongChang Winter Olympics may extend their stay for up to 120 days.
ZH_REF: 为鼓励外国人赴韩观赛，韩国法务部8日还宣布，将为访韩观看平昌冬奥会的外国人延长在韩停留时间，最长可停留120天。
ZH_HYP: 为了鼓励外国人来观看比赛,韩国司法部也宣布,前往平昌冬奥会的外国人可以将其停留最长120天。

EN: More than 1 in 5 US travellers carry prohibited items onto aircraft, survey finds
ZH_REF: 调查发现，超过五分之一的美国旅行者携带违禁物品登机
ZH_HYP: 调查发现,5名美国旅客携带违禁物品

EN: A survey of airline passengers found that more than 20 per cent had knowingly or unknowingly smuggled prohibited items past the US Transportation Security Administration checkpoints onto the aircraft, including at least 6 per cent who boarded the plane while unintentionally carrying prohibited knives or other bladed objects.
ZH_REF: 一项针对飞机乘客的调查发现，超过 20% 的乘客曾故意或非故意夹带非法物品通过美国运输安全管理局检查站登机，其中至少有 6% 的乘客非故意携带违禁刀具或其他带刃物登机。
ZH_HYP: 对航空公司乘客的调查发现,超过20%的人故意或不知不觉地被美国运输安全局检查的违禁品,包括至少6%的飞机,在没有携带的的刀或其他其他

EN: Less than 1 per cent claimed that they discovered belatedly that they had mistakenly travelled with firearms, ammunition or explosives.
ZH_REF: 不足 1% 的乘客宣称他们事后才发现误带枪支、弹药或爆炸物旅行。
ZH_HYP: 不到1%的人声称他们发现他们误用了枪支、弹药或炸药。

EN: The survey of more than 1000 people - which was conducted by a jet-chartering service Stratos Jet Charters Inc. - also found that younger travellers were more likely to flout the rules.
ZH_REF: 这项针对超过 1000 人的调查由包机服务公司 Stratos Jet Charters Inc. 进行，调查还发现，年轻旅行者更可能公然无视规定。
ZH_HYP: 这项调查显示,1000多人的调查是由喷气式飞机喷气机公司进行的,发现年轻的旅客更容易可能藐视这些规则。

EN: Of the respondents who admitted knowingly trying to fly with something banned by the TSA, 19.7 per cent were millennials, compared with less than 15 per cent who were members of Generation X.
ZH_REF: 承认曾试图故意携带 TSA 违禁物品登机的回答者中，有 19.7% 为千禧世代，相比之下 X 世代人群不足 15%。
ZH_HYP: 在有意识地试图用禁用途禁用的的人当中,有19.7%是是千禧年,而x的人则为15%。

EN: The most common items whisked past TSA agents on purpose were food and liquids.
ZH_REF: 最常见的故意溜过 TSA 安检人员的物品是食品和饮料。
ZH_HYP: 最常见的项目是食品和液体。

EN: More than 3 per cent admitted knowingly carrying bladed items past security, while 2.2 per cent of female respondents and 3.7 per cent of male respondents also acknowledged intentionally carrying prohibited drugs onto the aircraft.
ZH_REF: 超过 3% 的人承认曾故意携带带刃物过安检，而 2.2% 的女性回答者和 3.7% 的男性回答者也表示曾故意携带违禁药物登机。
ZH_HYP: 超过3%的受访者承认,过去的安全物品过去的安全,2.2%的女性受访者和3.7%的男性受访者也承认有意携带违禁药物。

EN: The company said it surveyed travellers around the country to find out how many had accidentally brought contraband through airport security and how many had done so on purpose.
ZH_REF: 该公司称此次调查全国旅行者是为了了解意外携带和故意携带禁运品过飞机安检登机的人数。
ZH_HYP: 该公司表示,该公司在全国各地的旅客,以找出多少人通过机场安全带来了违禁品,以及有多少人在这样做。

EN: It's no surprise that the people most likely to haul contraband past security - knowingly or unknowingly - were those who fly the most.
ZH_REF: 并不意外的是最可能携带禁运品过安检的人——故意或非故意——是那些飞得最频繁的人。
ZH_HYP: 最可能的人是那些最可能的违禁品,而那些最可能的人是是最多的人。

EN: As the company points out, however, the TSA guidelines are somewhat complicated and confusing.
ZH_REF: 然而，该公司指出 TSA 指南有点复杂难懂。
ZH_HYP: 但正如公司指出的,,ts的准则有点复杂,难以混淆。

EN: People are often uncertain of what liquids they can carry or how much of them.
ZH_REF: 人们通常不确定可以携带何种以及多少液体。
ZH_HYP: 人们往往不知道他们携带的液体。

EN: So it's no surprise that the largest amount of stuff seized by the TSA happens to be forbidden liquids.
ZH_REF: 因此 TSA 缴获最多的正好是违禁液体也就不奇怪了。
ZH_HYP: 所以,tsa的缉获量最大的是是禁止液体。

EN: For a time, people thought the TSA might be treating books as contraband.
ZH_REF: 人们曾一度认为 TSA 可能将书本也当成了禁运品。
ZH_HYP: 一段时间,人们认为,ts可能会把书籍当作违禁品。

EN: Liquids are allowed on domestic flights, but not on international ones.
ZH_REF: 国内航班允许携带液体，但国际航班则不允许携带。
ZH_HYP: 允许国内航班,但不允许在国际航班上。

EN: EPA Chief Pruitt Backtracks on Delaying Obama-Era Rules to Reduce Emissions
ZH_REF: 美国环保局局长普鲁特对奥巴马时代的减排条例改变主意
ZH_HYP: 美国环保局(puitt))推迟奥巴马时代减少排放的规则

EN: One day after getting sued by 15 states, Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt reversed his earlier decision to delay implementation of Obama-era rules reducing emissions of smog-causing air pollutants.
ZH_REF: 在被 15 个州起诉一天后，环境保护局局长斯科特·普鲁特改变了他早先推迟实施奥巴马时代减少烟雾空气污染物排放规定的决定。
ZH_HYP: 在被15个国家起诉后,环境保护署署长斯科特·普鲁伊特推翻了他推迟实施奥巴马时代的规定,减少了烟雾排放的排放。

EN: Pruitt presented the change as his agency being more responsive than past administrations to the needs of state environmental regulators.
ZH_REF: 普鲁特提出作出这个改变，因为相比以前的政府，环境保护局能够针对环境监管州立机构的需求作出更快速的反应。
ZH_HYP: puitt提出了变化,因为他的机构比过去的行政机构更适应国家环境监管机构的需要。

EN: He made no mention of the legal challenge filed against his prior position in a federal appeals court.
ZH_REF: 他没有提及联邦上诉法院针对他的前任职位提起的法律挑战。
ZH_HYP: 他没有提到在联邦上诉法院中对其立场提出的法律挑战。

EN: At issue is an Oct. 1 deadline for states to begin meeting 2015 standards for ground-level ozone.
ZH_REF: 争议的焦点是设置 10 月 1 日为各州开始实现 2015 年地面臭氧标准的最后期限。
ZH_HYP: 各国在2015年10月开始开始地面臭氧标准的标准。

EN: Pruitt announced in June he would delay compliance by one year to give his agency more time to study the plan and avoid "interfering with local decisions or impeding economic growth."
ZH_REF: 6 月份，普鲁特宣布他将延迟履约一年，以便让环境保护局有更多时间研究该计划，避免“干扰当地决策或阻碍经济增长”。
ZH_HYP: 普鲁伊特在6月份宣布,他将推迟一年的时间,让他的机构更多时间研究该计划,避免“干扰当地的决定或阻碍经济增长”。

EN: Pruitt, who was Oklahoma's state attorney general prior to his appointment by President Donald Trump, has long served as a reliable opponent of stricter environmental regulations.
ZH_REF: 在被唐纳德·特朗普总统任命之前，普鲁特是俄克拉何马州总检察长，长期以来反对环境法规的严格化。
ZH_HYP: 普鲁伊特是俄克拉荷马州州检察长,在他任命唐纳德·特朗普总统之前,一直是可靠的环保法规的可靠对手。

EN: Since arriving in Washington, Pruitt has repeatedly moved to block or delay regulations opposed by the chemical and fossil-fuel industries.
ZH_REF: 自从抵达华盛顿以来，普鲁特一再转而阻止或推迟化学和化石燃料行业反对的法规。
ZH_HYP: 自抵达华盛顿以来,普鲁伊特一再采取行动,阻止或延迟化学和化石燃料行业的法规。

EN: Wednesday's sudden reversal is the latest legal setback for Pruitt's regulatory rollback agenda.
ZH_REF: 周三的突然反转是普鲁特监管转返议程上一项最新的法律障碍。
ZH_HYP: 周三的突然逆转是普鲁伊特的监管的最新法律。

EN: Last month, a federal appeals court in Washington ruled the EPA administrator overstepped his authority in trying to delay implementation of an Obama administration rule requiring oil and gas companies to monitor and reduce methane leaks.
ZH_REF: 上月，华盛顿联邦上诉法院裁定环境保护局局长越权，试图推迟执行奥巴马政府要求石油和天然气公司监控和减少甲烷泄漏的规定。
ZH_HYP: 上个月,华盛顿的一家联邦上诉法庭裁定了环保局的行政管理权,要求石油和天然气公司监测和减少甲烷泄漏。

EN: In a statement issued Wednesday evening, Pruitt suggested his about-face on ozone standards simply reinforced the EPA's commitment to working with states through the complex process of meeting the new standards on time.
ZH_REF: 在周三晚上发布的一份声明中，普鲁特提出他对于臭氧标准的态度大转弯，表示要加强环境保护局的承诺，与各州展开合作，采取复杂的程序达成新标准。
ZH_HYP: 在周三晚上发表的一份声明中,普鲁伊特建议他对臭氧标准的的脸部份,这进一步加强了环保局通过按时完成新标准的过程与各国合作的承诺。

EN: "Under previous administrations, EPA would often fail to meet designation deadlines, and then wait to be sued by activist groups and others, agreeing in a settlement to set schedules for designation," said Pruitt, who sued EPA more than a dozen times in his prior job.
ZH_REF: 普鲁特表示，“在以前的政府管理下，环保局通常达不到指定的期限，然后等激进团体和其他人士起诉，再同意通过协议确定指定时间表。”他在以前的工作中对环境保护局发起十几次起诉。
ZH_HYP: “在以前的政府下,环保局往往会不符合指定期限,然后等待被积极分子和其他人士起诉,同意在一份指定时间表的工作中得到起诉,”puitt说,他在

EN: "We do not believe in regulation through litigation, and we take deadlines seriously.
ZH_REF: “我们不相信通过诉讼进行的监管，我们认真对待最后期限。
ZH_HYP: "我们不相信通过诉讼来监管,我们也认真对待。

EN: We also take the statute and the authority it gives us seriously."
ZH_REF: 我们也认真对待法规和当局。”
ZH_HYP: 我们也接受了规约和赋予我们的权力。

EN: Still, the EPA's statement said Pruitt may at some point once again use his "delay authority and all other authority legally available" to ensure regulations "are founded on sound policy and the best available information."
ZH_REF: 尽管如此，环保局的声明表示，普鲁特可能再次使用他的“延期授权和所有其他合法可用的授权”来确保各项规定符合“良好的政策和可用的最佳信息”。
ZH_HYP: 不过,《环保局的声明》说,普鲁伊特可以在某些时候使用他的“拖延权威和所有其他权威”来确保条例"是以健全的政策和最佳可得信息为依据的

EN: Republicans in Congress are pushing for a broader rewrite of the ozone rules.
ZH_REF: 国会中的共和党人正在推动大范围改写臭氧层条例。
ZH_HYP: 国会的共和党人正在推动更广泛的臭氧规则。

EN: A House bill approved last month seeks to delay implementation of the 2015 rules at least eight years.
ZH_REF: 上月批准的众议院法案旨在使 2015 年规则推迟至少八年实施。
ZH_HYP: 上个月批准的《法案》试图推迟执行2015年规则。

EN: The measure has not yet been brought to a vote in the Senate.
ZH_REF: 这项措施尚未在参议院投票。
ZH_HYP: 这项措施尚未在参议院进行表决。

EN: New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who led the coalition of states that sued the EPA this week, said the group intends to keep up the legal pressure.
ZH_REF: 纽约州检察长埃里克·施耐德曼领导各州联盟本周起诉美国环保局，称其打算维持法律压力。
ZH_HYP: 纽约州总长施耐德曼(ericschneiderman)表示,该集团打算保持法律压力。

EN: "The EPA's reversal - following our lawsuits - is an important win for the health and safety of those 6.7 million New Yorkers, and the over 115 million Americans directly impacted by smog pouring into their communities," Schneiderman said.
ZH_REF: 施耐德曼说：“美国环保局的反转 – 在我们提起诉讼之后 - 对于 670 万纽约人的健康和安全来说是具有重要意义的胜利，有超过 1.15 亿美国人的社区直接受到烟雾排放的影响。”
ZH_HYP: 施奈德曼说:“我们的诉讼的逆转----是670万纽约人的健康和安全的重要胜利,1.15亿美国人直接受烟雾冲入他们的

EN: Ground-level ozone is created when common pollutants emitted by cars, power plants, oil refineries, chemical plants and other sources react in the atmosphere to sunlight.
ZH_REF: 地面臭氧是汽车、发电厂、炼油厂、化工厂和其他来源排放的常见污染物在大气中阳光照射下产生反应而形成的。
ZH_HYP: 当汽车、发电厂、炼油厂、化学厂和其他来源在大气中的大气中,产生的地面臭氧。

EN: The resulting smog can cause serious breathing problems among sensitive groups of people, contributing to thousands of premature deaths each year.
ZH_REF: 由此产生的烟雾会给敏感人群造成严重的呼吸问题，每年造成数千人过早死亡。
ZH_HYP: 烟雾导致的烟雾可能导致敏感人群中严重的呼吸问题。

EN: Public health advocates and environmentalists cheered Pruitt's surprising change of course.
ZH_REF: 当然，公共健康倡导者和环保人士为普鲁特令人惊讶的转变感到欢呼。
ZH_HYP: 公共卫生倡导者和环保人士欢呼普鲁伊特的令人惊讶的变化。

EN: "It's disturbing how much pressure it took to get this commonsense step from the guy in charge of protecting the air we breathe," said Lori Ann Burd of the Center for Biological Diversity.
ZH_REF: 生物多样性中心的洛里·安·伯德表示：“令人感到不安的是，这个常识性措施遭到来自保护我们呼吸所需空气的部门负责人的巨大压力。”
ZH_HYP: 生物多样性中心的洛里·伯德说:“这让人从保护呼吸的人的了多少压力。”

EN: "We've got to keep fighting the Trump administration's ideological crusade to pander to polluters and special interests."
ZH_REF: “我们必须与特朗普政府为迎合污染者和特殊利益群体的思想运动斗争到底。”
ZH_HYP: “我们必须继续与特朗普政府的意识形态的斗争,以迎合污染者和特殊利益。”

EN: In addition to the external factor of rebounding steel prices, enterprises are also forging arduously ahead on the path of lowering costs.
ZH_REF: 除了钢价回暖的外部因素，企业也在降低成本的路上艰难行进。
ZH_HYP: 除了反弹钢的外因素外,企业还在降低成本的道路上。

EN: As enterprises resume production on a large scale, steel prices have begun to fall.
ZH_REF: 伴随着企业大面积复产，钢价开始趋于回落。
ZH_HYP: 随着企业大规模恢复生产,钢铁价格开始下降。

EN: At present, both China Iron and Steel Association and the National Bureau of Statistics have yet to release June’s earnings figures for the steel industry.
ZH_REF: 目前中钢协和国家统计局均未发布6月钢铁行业盈利数据。
ZH_HYP: 目前,中国钢铁协会和国家统计局尚未公布6月份的钢铁行业的收益数据。

EN: Beijing Railway Administration revealed that railway transportation for the 2017 Spring Festival will begin on January 13 and end on February 21, a total of 40 days.
ZH_REF: 从北京铁路局获悉，2017年铁路春运自1月13日起至2月21日止，共计40天。
ZH_HYP: 北京铁路局发现,2017年春节的铁路运输将于1月13日开始,总为40天。

EN: My goal was to learn about the state of artificial intelligence -- where we're further along than people realize and where we're still a long ways off.
ZH_REF: 我的目标是了解人工智能的现状——我们目前的进步远超人们的预期，但仍有很长的路要走。
ZH_HYP: 我的目标是了解人工智能的状态,我们我们在哪里,我们在哪里。

EN: Yesterday, two land parcels at Fangshan and Daxing, offered for tender on-site, were transacted for a total of RMB1,845.2 million.
ZH_REF: 昨日，位于房山、大兴的两宗土地迎来现场竞拍，两宗地块总计以18.452亿元成交。
ZH_HYP: 昨日,两地方的两地土地,共18.452亿元人民币。

EN: Shi Haiyong, Deputy Director of the Xiaoshan Forestry Bureau, said that the production of Xiaoshan’s flowering trees and shrubs also grown rapidly along with the positive sales trend.
ZH_REF: 萧山区林业局副局长施海勇表示，伴随良好的销售形势，萧山花木生产也取得了较快的发展。
ZH_HYP: 萧山林林局副局长石海海海的生产也迅速增长,同时也呈正向的销售趋势。

EN: While expanding planting acreage, the quality of the seedlings have also continued to improve; the existing value of the nurseries has been rising. More large specimen and high quality seedlings have been preserved, and sellers have been reluctant to sell some seedlings.
ZH_REF: 在种植面积扩大的同时，苗木质量也不断提高，苗圃圃存价值不断提升，大规格、高品质的苗木留存较多，部分苗木出现惜售现象。
ZH_HYP: 在种植种植面积的同时,苗圃的质量也不断提高,苗圃的现有价值也在提高,而,而卖家一直不愿意出售一些幼苗。

EN: July 13 morning Beijing Time. US-based Somaltus filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas accusing Apple of infringing on a battery technology patent it applied for in 2010.
ZH_REF: 北京时间7月13日上午消息，美国Somaltus公司向东德克萨斯地区法院提交诉讼，指控苹果侵犯其2010年申请的一项电池技术专利。
ZH_HYP: 北京时间:北京时间:美国驻美国的地区法院提起诉讼,美国美国地区法院提起诉讼,指控苹果公司在2010年申请的电池技术。

EN: The company had previously used the same patent to sue Asus, Lenovo, Samsung, Sony and Toshiba.
ZH_REF: 该公司之前也曾用同样的专利起诉过华硕、联想、三星、索尼和东芝。
ZH_HYP: 该公司以前曾使用过同样的专利,苏联想,三星,索尼和东芝。

EN: The lawsuit claimed that iPhone 6s and Apple equipment similar to it have violated US Patent No. 7,657,386, which is known as “Integrated battery service system”.
ZH_REF: 该诉讼称，iPhone 6s和与之类似的苹果设备均侵犯了7,657,386号美国专利，该专利名称为《综合电池服务系统》。
ZH_HYP: 该诉讼称,iphone6s和苹果设备与美国的的设备已违反了我们的专利7,657,386号。

EN: The plaintiff is seeking monetary damages or royalties on the infringing equipment upon announcement of the verdict.
ZH_REF: 原告希望获得现金赔偿，或者针对判决宣布后的侵权设备收取专利费。
ZH_HYP: 原告在判决后,正在寻求货币损失或使用费。

EN: According to the indictment, the plaintiff appears to believe that iPhone’s fast-charging technology jas violated the former’s patent.
ZH_REF: 从起诉书判断，原告似乎认为iPhone的快充功能侵犯了该公司的专利。
ZH_HYP: 根据起诉书,原告似乎认为iphone的快速技术技术违反了前者的专利。

EN: iPhone’s fast-charging function charges the battery quickly until to 80% of its capacity, then switches to slower trickle charging.
ZH_REF: 具备快充功能的iPhone会快速将电量充到80%，之后再进行涓流充电。
ZH_HYP: iphone的快速充电功能将电池快速充电到80%,然后转开关到慢的涓流电流.

EN: Somaltus is actually a so-called “patent troll” because the company does not provide any apparent product or service, and it is hard to find any information on the company online.
ZH_REF: Somaltus其实是一家所谓的“专利流氓”，因为该公司并不提供明显的产品和服务，而且在网上很难查找到相关信息。
ZH_HYP: 索马里人实际上是所谓的“专利巨头”,因为公司没有提供任何明显的产品或服务,而且很难在网上找到任何信息。

EN: However, it has successfully reached out-of-court settlement with auto makers such as Ford and Nissan with this patent.
ZH_REF: 然而，他们已经成功就这项专利与福特和日产等汽车厂商达成了庭外和解。
ZH_HYP: 然而,它成功地与福特和日产汽车制造商汽车制造商达成了这种专利。

EN: It was earlier revealed that the railway department would enhance the capacity of and remodel the 12306 website, and launch new services during the Spring Festival transportation ticket purchase period. Identifying codes for close to 60% of railway tickets will no longer be required.
ZH_REF: 据此前透露，铁路部门对12306网站进行扩容改造，春运购票期间推出新服务，近六成车票不再需要使用验证码。
ZH_HYP: 早在此,铁路局会加强12306年的及重塑的能力,并在春节期间购买新的服务。

EN: Trump pressured Mexico on border wall payment according to leaked phone call transcripts
ZH_REF: 据泄露的电话记录显示，特朗普曾向墨西哥施压要求支付边境筑墙费用
ZH_HYP: 特朗普按泄露电话电话记录的方式支付边境墙

EN: Transcripts of phone calls between US President Donald Trump and leaders of Mexico and Australia have been leaked by the Washington Post.
ZH_REF: 《华盛顿邮报》泄露了美国总统唐纳德?特朗普与墨西哥和澳大利亚领导人之间的通话记录。
ZH_HYP: 美国总统特朗普与墨西哥和澳大利亚领导人之间的电话录已经由华盛顿邮报》泄露。

EN: On 27th January in a phone call to Mexican president, Enrique Pena Nieto, Trump urged him to stop publicly saying he would not pay for a proposed border wall.
ZH_REF: 1 月 27 日，在向墨西哥总统恩里克·佩纳·涅托通话中，特朗普敦促他停止公开表示不会支付拟建边界墙的费用。
ZH_HYP: 1月27日,特朗普打电话给墨西哥总统,恩里克·尼托,他停止公开表示他不会为一个拟议的边境墙支付。

EN: The US President berated him for publicly denouncing the wall, reportedly saying to him "You cannot say that to the press."
ZH_REF: 据报道，美国总统对他公开抨击隔离墙表示不满，据称普特朗曾对他说：“你不要告诉媒体。”
ZH_HYP: 美国总统公开谴责谴责他,他说他说“你不能对新闻界说说。”

EN: Trump launched his presidential campaign on a promise to build a wall along the US southern border and vowed to make Mexico pay for the project.
ZH_REF: 特朗普在总统竞选活动中承诺在美国南部边界建造隔离墙，并郑重宣布要让墨西哥就该项目付费。
ZH_HYP: 特朗普发起了总统竞选竞选,承诺在美国南部边境修建一座墙,并承诺让墨西哥支付该项目。

EN: Transcripts of his first call with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull were also published revealing a tense exchange.
ZH_REF: 他与澳大利亚总理马尔科姆·特恩布尔之间的通话记录也被公布，该记录显示出他们之间紧张的交流。
ZH_HYP: 他与澳大利亚总理马尔科姆·特恩布尔(malcolmturbull)的首次电话也公开发表了一项紧张的。

EN: Mr Trump ended the call after telling Mr Turnbull "this is the most unpleasant call all day."
ZH_REF: 特朗普在告诉特恩布尔“这是今天最不愉快的通话”之后挂了电话。
ZH_HYP: 特朗普在告诉特恩布尔先生“这是最不愉快的呼唤。”

EN: In his Nobel Prize banquet speech read by the United States Ambassador to Sweden, Bob Dylan said that he was out on the road when when he received news that he had won the award. “It took me more than a few minutes to properly process it.”
ZH_REF: 在美国驻瑞典大使代为朗读的获奖感言中，迪伦表示收到获奖消息时还在巡演的路上，“我花了好一会儿的时间才反应过来”。
ZH_HYP: 鲍勃·迪伦在美国驻瑞典大使的诺贝尔奖演讲中,他说他在获得了奖时,他已经在了这一消息。

EN: Renowned Chinese tenor and folk song performer, Guo Song, passed away at the age 85 in Beijing at 7am today.
ZH_REF: 今天上午7时，我国著名男高音歌唱家和民歌演唱家郭颂在北京去世，享年85岁。
ZH_HYP: 中国的中国男和民歌表演者,郭歌,在北京的85岁时去世。

EN: Guo Song wrote and sang more than 50 works including “The New Goods Deliveryman”, “Wusuli Boat Song”, “I Love These Young People”, and “Heartwarming”.
ZH_REF: 郭颂曾创作、演唱了《新货郎》、《乌苏里船歌》、《我爱这些年轻人》、《甜透了咱心窝》等50余首作品。
ZH_HYP: 郭歌写和唱了50多作品,包括“新货物货员”、“乌苏利船歌”、“我爱这些年轻人”,以及“心意”。

EN: It is understood that the first lawsuit concerning graphene will be released next week. This has sounded the alarm for China’s graphene products’ trademark brands.
ZH_REF: 据了解，下周有关石墨烯的首个诉讼案件将会发布，这将对中国石墨烯产品商标品牌敲响了警钟。
ZH_HYP: 据了解,有关石墨的第一件诉讼将于下周公布。这已经让中国的石墨烯烙印。

EN: Residential property prices in popular cities nationwide stabilized in November. In particular, prices stopped rising in Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen. Going forward, the level of residential property prices in some cities will continue to decline.
ZH_REF: 11月份全国热点城市房价趋稳，其中京沪深止涨，未来部分城市房价水平将继续回落。
ZH_HYP: 全国住宅物业价格在11月稳定,特别是北京、上海和深圳,房价不断上涨,一些城市住宅物业价格将继续下跌。

EN: According to the joint declaration issued by the two parties, North Korea will send a high-level delegation and the national Olympic Committee delegation to the PyeongChang Winter Olympics.
ZH_REF: 根据双方发布的共同声明，朝方将派遣高级别代表团和民族奥林匹克委员会代表团参加平昌冬奥会。
ZH_HYP: 根据双方发表的联合声明,朝鲜将派出一个代表团和国家奥林匹克委员会代表团参加平日冬季冬奥会。

EN: In addition, North Korea will also send athletes, a group of cheerleaders, artists, reporters and other groups. South Korea will provide the necessary convenience in this regard.
ZH_REF: 此外，朝方还将派遣运动员团、啦啦队、艺术团、记者团等团体访韩；韩方对此提供必要的便利。
ZH_HYP: 此外,朝鲜还将派遣运动员队,一群啦啦队队、艺术家、记者和其他团体。

EN: North and South Korea also reached a consensus on easing the current military tensions, and have decided to hold military talks.
ZH_REF: 韩朝还就缓解当前军事紧张局势达成一致，并决定举行韩朝军事部门会谈。
ZH_HYP: 北韩也就缓和当前军事紧张关系达成了共识。

EN: The report analyzed the results of a survey of 1,045 foreign tourists who visited Seoul in December last year.
ZH_REF: 报告对去年12月访问首尔的1045名外国游客参与问卷调查的结果进行了分析。
ZH_HYP: 该报告分析了去年12月访问汉城的1045名外国游客的调查结果。

EN: The report indicated that the per capita spending for shopping by foreign tourists amounted to KRW1.06 million.
ZH_REF: 报告指出，外国游客人均购物额为106万韩元。
ZH_HYP: 报告指出,外国旅游者购买的人均支出为106万克。

EN: In particular, the per capita spending for shopping by Chinese tourists, at KRW2.13 million, was the highest; this was 6.5 times that of Japanese tourists and 3.2 times that of American and European tourists.
ZH_REF: 其中，中国游客人均购物额最大，为213万韩元，达日本游客的6.5倍、美欧游客的3.2倍。
ZH_HYP: 特别是,中国游客购物的人均购物的人均支出最高,最高,是日本游客的6.5倍,而美国游客的3.2倍。

EN: With respect to the purpose for visiting Seoul, the answer from 62.2% of Chinese tourists was “shopping”; 94.4% of Chinese tourists purchased cosmetics.
ZH_REF: 被问及来首尔旅游的目的，62.2%的中国游客回答“购物”，94.9%的中国游客购买化妆品。
ZH_HYP: 关于访问首尔的目的,中国游客的62.2%的“购物”;94.4%的中国游客购买化妆品。

EN: 96.3% of Chinese tourists shopped at urban duty-free shops, with per capita spending at KRW1.56 million.
ZH_REF: 96.3%的中国游客在市区免税店购物，人均花费156万韩元。
ZH_HYP: 96.3%的中国游客在城市免税店,人均人均支出为156万。

EN: At TFBOYS’ third anniversary meet-the-fans event this year, Chen Junting served as the music producer of the event.
ZH_REF: 今年，TFBOYS三周年粉丝见面会，陈俊廷担任了活动的音乐制作人。
ZH_HYP: 今年在tfboys的三周年纪念活动中,陈水星作为活动的音乐制作者。

EN: Moore's Ford Massacre: Activists Reenact Racist Lynching as a Call for Justice
ZH_REF: 摩尔滩惨案：活动者再现种族主义私刑，伸张正义
ZH_HYP: 摩尔的福特大屠杀:活动分子重现种族主义的要求

EN: A 1948 Ford Mercury passed through a group of onlookers in rural Monroe, Georgia, and rumbled toward the small Moore's Ford Bridge.
ZH_REF: 一辆 1948 年的福特水星汽车穿过佐治亚州门罗小镇的一群围观者，朝着小小的摩尔滩桥隆隆奔行。
ZH_HYP: 1948年福特汞通过了一个在格鲁吉亚农村门罗的一群旁观者,并向小的摩尔桥。

EN: Before the car, which had four black passengers and a white driver, could reach the bridge, a group of white men with guns stepped forward to block its path.
ZH_REF: 车上载有四名黑人乘客和一名白人司机，在车抵达这座桥之前，一群带枪的白人走向前，堵住了汽车前进的路。
ZH_HYP: 在有4名黑人乘客和一辆白色司机,可以到达桥,,一群有枪支的白人男子向前走。

EN: The leader of the mob - a middle aged man in a pinstriped suit - took a long drag on his cigar and peered through the windshield.
ZH_REF: 这帮暴徒的头儿 - 一名穿着细条纹西装的中年男子 – 深吸一口雪茄，眼睛瞥进挡风玻璃。
ZH_HYP: 暴徒的领袖——一位中年的中年年人——他的雪茄里,并在挡风玻璃上。

EN: Inside, the occupants reeled in fear.
ZH_REF: 车内乘客充满恐惧。
ZH_HYP: 在里面,被占领者们被恐惧地重新了.

EN: "We want that n----r Roger!" the man barked.
ZH_REF: “我们想要 - 罗杰！” 那人喊道。
ZH_HYP: “我们要那,罗杰!”那个人吠了。

EN: "Get him out of the car!"
ZH_REF: “把他从车里拖出来！”
ZH_HYP: “把他从车里出去!”

EN: Screams ripped through the silence as a young black man was dragged from the front passenger seat.
ZH_REF: 一名年轻的黑人从前排乘客座位上被拖下来，尖叫声刺破沉默。
ZH_HYP: 当一个年轻人从前面的客座拖着时,尖声尖叫。

EN: Fortunately, this horrific scene, which played out on July 22, is just a reenactment.
ZH_REF: 幸运的是，7 月 22 日这个可怕的场面只是一场重演。
ZH_HYP: 幸运的是,7月22日的的可怕场景只是一种重现。

EN: But when a noose is thrown around the neck of "Roger," nearly everyone in the audience let out very real gasps.
ZH_REF: 但是，当“罗杰”的脖子上套上套索时，几乎所有围观的观众都发出了真切的喘息声。
ZH_HYP: 但是当一个人的鼻子被扔在“罗杰”的脖子上,几乎观众都都发出非常真实的气息。

EN: No one has ever been charged with the murders.
ZH_REF: 从未有人被指控谋杀。
ZH_HYP: 没有人被指控。

EN: "It's mind boggling that all of these years, not a single person has been arrested - even though we see them in our communities; even though we know who they are," said Tyrone Brooks, who helps organize the reenactment.
ZH_REF: “虽然我们知道他们是谁，尽管我们在社区中看到过他们，但这些年来，他们没有一个人遭发逮捕，这着实令人难以置信，”帮助组织这次重演的蒂龙·布鲁克斯说道。
ZH_HYP: “这几年,,我们都在我们的社区里,尽管我们在我们的社区里看到他们,即使我们知道他们是谁,”

EN: "It's a stain on a history, but it's a burden on our souls."
ZH_REF: “这是历史的污点，是我们灵魂的负担。”
ZH_HYP: “这是历史上的污点,但它是我们的灵魂的负担。”

EN: Brooks is a 71-year-old former Georgia state congressman and lifelong civil rights activist.
ZH_REF: 布鲁克斯 71 岁，是一位佐治亚州前议员和终身维权活动家。
ZH_HYP: 布鲁克斯是一名71岁的前格鲁吉亚国会议员,终身的民权活动分子。

EN: For him, the reenactment serves as a dramatic call to action and an annual reminder to the Monroe community that an injustice has never been corrected.
ZH_REF: 对他而言，重演是一场引人注目的号召行动，每年提醒门罗社区的人们，不公正从未得到纠正。
ZH_HYP: 对他来说,重新确认行动是对行动的呼吁,并提醒门罗社区的一个不公正现象。

EN: "We want prosecution, we want closure, we want healing, we want reconciliation, but we have to have justice first," he said.
ZH_REF: “我们想起诉，我们要结案，我们要治愈，我们希望和解，但我们必须首先得到正义，”他说。
ZH_HYP: “我们希望起诉,我们希望我们希望,我们需要和解,但我们必须有正义。

EN: "We can't get to healing and reconciliation until we get justice."
ZH_REF: “除非我们得到正义，否则我们就得不到治愈及和解。”
ZH_HYP: “我们得到正义,我们才得到公正。”

EN: A coroner places a sheet over the body of one of the victims of the Moore's Ford lynching on July 27, 1946.
ZH_REF: 1946 年 7 月 27 日，验尸官在一名摩尔滩私刑受害者的尸体上盖上床单。
ZH_HYP: 1946年7月27日,一名验尸官将一页的尸体上的一个受害者的尸体。

EN: According to FBI files obtained by NBC News, more than 50 men from Monroe and the surrounding counties were suspected in the lynching.
ZH_REF: 根据美国全国广播公司新闻获得的联邦调查局档案，来自门罗和周边各县的 50 多名男子涉嫌参与私刑。
ZH_HYP: 据nbc新闻获得的fbi文件,来自门罗和周围的50多人被怀疑被怀疑。

EN: But not one was ever prosecuted.
ZH_REF: 但他们中没有一人被起诉过。
ZH_HYP: 但没有人被起诉。

EN: Though the suspects have remained at large for decades, civil rights activists say the twin motivations for the lynchings were always well known throughout town: politics and sex.
ZH_REF: 虽然嫌疑人数十年来一直处于逍遥法外的状态，但民权活动者表示，实施私刑的双重动机在整个城镇都是众所周知的：政治和性。
ZH_HYP: 虽然这些嫌疑人在几十年里一直保持在,但民权活动人士说,私刑的双重动机在整个城镇都很有。

EN: In April 1946, a Supreme Court ruling enabled black citizens in Georgia to cast ballots for the first time during the primary race later that summer.
ZH_REF: 1946 年 4 月，最高法院的一项裁决使佐治亚州的黑人公民得以在当年夏天晚些时候首次在初选中进行投票。
ZH_HYP: 1946年4月,最高法院的裁决使格鲁吉亚黑人公民在初赛中第一次投票。

EN: Around the same time of the election, according to the FBI, black sharecropper Roger Malcom stabbed Barnett Hester, a white landowner, during a fight - ostensibly over a woman.
ZH_REF: 根据联邦调查局的统计，大约在同一时间，黑人佃农罗杰·马尔科姆在一场斗争中刺杀了白人地主巴内特·赫斯特 - 看起来像是为了一个女人。
ZH_HYP: 在选举的同一时间,根据fbi的说法,黑股黑股黑股黑黑手特·黑特特(rettetthester)在一场与女人的斗争中打了。

EN: Brooks said the town rumor was that Hester had been sleeping with Malcom's wife, Dorothy, and that the baby she was carrying was not her husband's.
ZH_REF: 布鲁克斯说，镇上的传言是赫斯特睡了马尔科姆的妻子多萝西，她的宝宝也不是她丈夫的。
ZH_HYP: 布鲁克斯说,镇上的谣言是,海丝特和她的妻子多萝西睡觉,她的孩子不是她丈夫。

EN: On July 25, 1946, Loy Harrison, a prominent white landowner, paid $600 to bail Malcom out of jail, according to the FBI.
ZH_REF: 联邦调查局称，1946 年 7 月 25 日，地位显赫的白人地主洛伊·哈里森花了 600 美元将马尔科姆保释出狱。
ZH_HYP: 据调查局称,1946年7月25日,著名的白地主loyharrison支付了600美元的保释。

EN: He was accompanied to the prison by Dorothy, and their cousins, Mae Murray and George Dorsey.
ZH_REF: 多萝西和堂兄妹麦·美瑞和乔治·多尔西陪他到监狱。
ZH_HYP: 他和他们的库西和他们的堂兄弟,他的的堂兄弟,他的。

EN: But, driving away from the jail, as they approached Moore's Ford Bridge, a lynch mob surrounded the car.
ZH_REF: 但是，当他们从监狱回来，快到摩尔滩桥时，一群私刑暴徒把车围了起来。
ZH_HYP: 但是,当他们走到穆尔的的穆尔桥时,一辆私刑团伙包围了汽车。

EN: "As it turns out it was Harrison who set up and ordered the murders," one FBI report concludes.
ZH_REF: “事实证明，是哈里森组织并命令执行了这场谋杀，”一份 FBI 报告得出了这样的结论。
ZH_HYP: “当哈里森是哈里森,他的时候,他的命令是“哈里森”。

EN: "It is also apparent that there was a conspiracy among state and local law enforcement, who not only took part in the murders, disposed of evidence and concealed the identity of witnesses."
ZH_REF: “很明显，州和地方执法部门之间存在阴谋，他们不仅参与了谋杀，毁灭了证据，还隐瞒了证人的身份。”
ZH_HYP: "还显然,国家和地方执法之间存在阴谋,他们不仅参与了谋杀,还掩盖了证人的身份。

EN: Brooks put it more succinctly.
ZH_REF: 布鲁克斯十分简明扼要。
ZH_HYP: 布鲁克斯把它简洁。

EN: "It was a voting rights massacre," he said.
ZH_REF: 他表示，“这是一场投票权惨案。”
ZH_HYP: “这是一场投票权权的屠杀。

EN: "They were all killed to send a message to black people in this community: 'If you register and if you vote, this is what will happen to you.'"
ZH_REF: “他们惨遭杀害，是凶手向这个社区的黑人发出信息：‘如果你注册并投票，你也将遭遇同样的结局。'”
ZH_HYP: “他们都被杀了,向这个社区的黑人发出一个信息:“如果你登记,如果你投票,这将是你发生的。”

EN: For nearly a decade, Cassandra Greene has directed the annual reenactment of the Moore's Ford Bridge lynchings.
ZH_REF: 近十年来，卡桑德拉·格林一直负责主导摩尔滩桥私刑惨案的年度重演工作。
ZH_HYP: 近十多年来,卡萨德拉·格林(cassandragreene)每年对穆尔的福特桥的进行了。

EN: Her performance is graphic, gripping and grounded in a kind of deep racism that many would like to believe no longer exists in America.
ZH_REF: 她的表现手法形象鲜明，扣人心弦，带有一种深刻的种族主义背景。许多人都希望这种种族主义在美国已不复存在。
ZH_HYP: 她的表现是图形、、、和理由,许多人都希望相信美国不再存在于美国。

EN: It's difficult to watch, and even more difficult to look away, but Greene said that's the point.
ZH_REF: 看很难，不看更难，但格林说这就是关键所在。
ZH_HYP: 很难看,更难看,但格林说这是个问题。

EN: "We don't want to talk about the lynching because it makes us face the ugliness in all of us," she said.
ZH_REF: “我们不想谈论私刑，因为私刑使我们要面对所有人的丑陋面，”她说。
ZH_HYP: 她说:“我们不想谈论私刑,因为它让我们在我们大家面前面对丑陋。

EN: "But I can't build a relationship with you, if you won't hear me, or hear what I've been through."
ZH_REF: “但是，如果你不听我说话，或者不听到我讲述自己的经历，我就不能和你建立关系。”
ZH_HYP: “但是我听不到我的话,或者听我的我的经历。”

EN: Rehearsals for this year's production began in June, and on the first day nearly 30 actors - a dozen white and the rest black - crowded into a room and listened as Greene launched into a well-rehearsed overview of the play.
ZH_REF: 今年的演出于六月开始，第一天有将近 30 名演员 - 十几位白人，其余为黑人 - 挤在一间屋子里，听取格林发布排练好的演出概览。
ZH_HYP: 今年的生产的排练在6月开始,第一天,有30名演员----十几个白人和黑白的黑白,,听着格林的演练,演练了一场演

EN: Wade Marbaugh serves as Greene's co-director.
ZH_REF: 韦德·马尔鲍担任格林的联合导演。
ZH_HYP: 韦德·马布作为格林的共同主任。

EN: He's played the part of the head Klansman for years, but he said the role never gets any easier.
ZH_REF: 多年来，他一直扮演着三 K 党的角色，但他说这个角色从不轻松。
ZH_HYP: 他是克朗曼的的角色,但他说,角色从来没有得到更容易。

EN: "I feel dirty because this is not who I am," said Marbaugh.
ZH_REF: “我感觉很肮脏，因为我不是这样的人，” 马尔鲍说。
ZH_HYP: “我觉得很脏,因为这不是我的。”

EN: "But I think it's very important to keep this history alive because we don't want to go back to those times."
ZH_REF: “但我认为保持这段历史的鲜活度非常重要，因为我们不想再回到那个时代。”
ZH_HYP: “但我认为保持历史历史,重要,因为我们不想回到那些时代。”

EN: Across the room, actors Darrius Bradshaw and Nick Rascona, who play Roger Malcom and Barnett Hester, rehearsed their lines.
ZH_REF: 房间里，扮演罗杰·马尔科姆和巴内特·赫斯特的演员达里奥斯·布拉德肖和尼克·拉斯科纳在排练他们的台词。
ZH_HYP: 在房间里,演员达瑞斯·布拉德肖和尼克·罗格纳(barnett)和巴特··海特·海特(barnett)和巴特·罗特

EN: The play begins with Malcom shouting and shoving Hester, livid that he's been sleeping with his wife, Dorothy.
ZH_REF: 这场戏开始时，马尔科姆大喊大叫并推开赫斯特，对他睡了自己的妻子多萝西感到气愤不已。
ZH_HYP: 这出戏开始是由马兰特喊叫和海丝特,他和他的妻子多萝西。

EN: "I said n---a, get off my property!"
ZH_REF: “我说啊，滚出我的地盘！”
ZH_HYP: “我说了,我的财产!

EN: Rascona fires back.
ZH_REF: 拉斯科纳回击道。
ZH_HYP: 罗西娜回火。

EN: There's a beat.
ZH_REF: 接着他们就打了起来。
ZH_HYP: 有一个人打。

EN: And then everyone (at least all the black actors) bursts into laughter.
ZH_REF: 然后每个人（至少所有的黑人演员）爆发出了笑声。
ZH_HYP: 然后每个人(至少是所有的演员)都笑声。

EN: Greene laughs the hardest.
ZH_REF: 格林笑得最厉害。
ZH_HYP: 格林笑着最难。

EN: "What?!," Rascona asked.
ZH_REF: “怎么了？！，”拉斯科纳问道。
ZH_HYP: ”“什么?,”罗西科纳问道。

EN: He's alarmed, confused.
ZH_REF: 他感到惊慌、困惑。
ZH_HYP: 他感到震惊,迷惑了。

EN: Did I go too hard?
ZH_REF: 我演得太过了吗？
ZH_HYP: 我太难了吗?

EN: "No," Greene said through chuckles.
ZH_REF: “没有，”格林笑着说。
ZH_HYP: ”“不,”格林说。

EN: "I just don't think white people back then said 'n---a.'"
ZH_REF: “我只是认为白人回击的时候不会说‘啊 '。”
ZH_HYP: “我我不认为白人的人回来了。

EN: "Yea," one of the other black cast members quipped.
ZH_REF: “是的，”另外一名黑人演员打趣道。
ZH_HYP: ”“,”其他的黑人成员被了。

EN: "You have to hit the hard 'R.'"
ZH_REF: “你的语气必须强硬。”
ZH_HYP: "你必须要打硬的"。

EN: And just like that the energy in the room shifts; a sense of camaraderie replaces the discomfort.
ZH_REF: 就这样，房间里的能量发生了变化；友爱的感觉驱走了不适感。
ZH_HYP: 就像在房间里的能量一样,一种情境的感觉取代了不舒服。

EN: Everyone is dedicated to getting this right, not only for the sake of the play, but also for the memory of the four people killed.
ZH_REF: 每个人都努力这样做，不仅是为了表演这场戏，也是为了纪念四名遇难者。
ZH_HYP: 每个人都致力于获得这一权利,不仅为了为了剧场而被杀害。

EN: The scene begins again.
ZH_REF: 现场再次开始。
ZH_HYP: 这幕又开始了。

EN: This time, when Rascona says the N-word, it's sharp and emphatic.
ZH_REF: 这一次，拉斯科纳说这个“啊”字时，语气尖锐而有力。
ZH_HYP: 这一次,罗娜说这个词,它很敏锐,很有可能。

EN: Absolutely no one laughs.
ZH_REF: 没有一个人笑场。
ZH_HYP: 绝对没有人笑。

EN: The reenactment ends violently and quickly.
ZH_REF: 重演有力而迅速地结束了。
ZH_HYP: 重现很快地结束.

EN: There's screams, gunfire and then, silence.
ZH_REF: 尖叫声、枪声大作，然后，就是一片沉默。
ZH_HYP: 有尖叫,枪声,然后,沉默。

EN: A woman dressed in funeral black, stands over the actors bodies and performs Billie Holiday's mournful eulogy, "Strange Fruit."
ZH_REF: 一位穿着葬礼黑衣的女子站在演员身体边，唱着比利·哈乐黛的哀悼词“奇怪的果实”。
ZH_HYP: 一位穿着葬礼的女人,身着演员的身体,,在演员的身体上,表演着“奇异的水果”。

EN: Her voice breaks on every other word.
ZH_REF: 她的声音压过了其他言语。
ZH_HYP: 她的声音都会打断.

EN: A hundred yards back, a group of about four dozen spectators wipe sweat and tears away from their eyes.
ZH_REF: 一百码之外，大约四十名观众在不停地擦拭着汗水和眼泪。
ZH_HYP: 一百码码,一共四四四,四四四的观众擦汗水。

EN: The audience is almost evenly split between black and white.
ZH_REF: 观众中黑人和白人几乎各占一半。
ZH_HYP: 观众几乎在黑白之间.

EN: One couple has traveled from Ithaca, New York, to see the performance, many are from just down the road.
ZH_REF: 有一对夫妇专程从纽约伊萨卡来看演出，还有很多人就住在马路附近。
ZH_HYP: 一对夫妇从纽约的伊哈卡去看演出,许多人都是从路边走来的。

EN: They've all weathered Georgia's oppressive humidity for the nearly eight hours as Brooks lead them on a pilgrimage to the grave sites of the Malcoms and Dorseys.
ZH_REF: 布鲁克斯带他们去马尔科姆和多萝西的墓地拜祭，路程将近八小时，大家都在忍受着佐治亚令人不适的湿热感。
ZH_HYP: 他们都把格鲁吉亚的压迫性潮湿的湿湿,在他们的在朝天的和和狡猾的坟地里,他们都在了格鲁吉亚的潮湿的潮湿。

EN: Up until this point, the murders have remained an anecdote, but now, standing on the same land where the lynchings took place, the air feels haunted.
ZH_REF: 直到此时，谋杀者仍然是个迷。但现在，站在发生私刑的同一片土地上，空气中弥漫着焦虑。
ZH_HYP: 直到这一点,谋杀案一直是一个轶事,但现在站在在林刑的地方,空气感到空想。

EN: As the final notes of the song fade, Greene invites the crowd to move closer and inspect the bodies.
ZH_REF: 当歌曲最后的音符消失时，格林请人们靠近些检查演员扮演的尸体。
ZH_HYP: 当歌的最后一首,,格林邀请人群走近,检查身体。

EN: Children crouch by their heads, take in the fake blood and still bodies, and whisper to each other.
ZH_REF: 孩子们俯身低头，看着假血和尸体，互相窃窃私语。
ZH_HYP: 孩子们蹲在头,,取出假的血和静静的身体,互相悄悄地。

EN: "They're not really dead," one little boy mutters, as if to remind himself.
ZH_REF: “他们并不是真的死了，”一个小男孩喃喃自语，好像在提醒自己。
ZH_HYP: “他们并没有死,”一个小男孩突变动,仿佛要提醒自己。

EN: After a few minutes Greene thanks the crowd, and suddenly it's over.
ZH_REF: 几分钟后，格林感谢人群，然后表演结束。
ZH_HYP: 几分钟后,格林感谢人群,突然结束了。

EN: The actors throw off the lynching rope and wipe away tears.
ZH_REF: 演员甩开私刑绳索，擦掉眼泪。
ZH_HYP: 演员们抛开了私刑.

EN: Bradshaw hugs Marbaugh, the man in the suit who played the head Klansman.
ZH_REF: 布拉德肖拥抱着扮演三 K 党头目的西装男子马尔鲍。
ZH_HYP: 布劳肖拥抱马布什曼的西装的人。

EN: Nick Rascona hugs two of his castmates, and then breaks down crying in their arms; the emotional toll of the performance finally getting to him.
ZH_REF: 尼克·拉斯科纳拥抱他的两个同僚，在他们怀里失声哭泣；表演中的情感最终感染到他。
ZH_HYP: 尼克·罗西科纳两个人的两个,然后在他们的怀里哭泣,情绪的情绪最后终于给他了。

EN: "It's okay," one of the women whispers.
ZH_REF: “没关系，”其中一名妇女低语道。
ZH_HYP: “好的,”一个女人低声低声。

EN: "We know that's not what's in your heart.
ZH_REF: “我们知道你的内心不是这样的。
ZH_HYP: ”“我们知道这不是你的心。

EN: You did this for a reason."
ZH_REF: 你这样做是有原因的。”
ZH_HYP: 你是这样做的。

EN: Later, the audience sits down to dinner with the actors.
ZH_REF: 之后，观众坐下来与演员共进晚餐。
ZH_HYP: 后来,观众们坐下来了.

EN: At one table, a white couple from Atlanta chats animatedly about the reenactment with a black couple they just met.
ZH_REF: 在同一张桌子上，来自亚特兰大的一对白人夫妇与他们刚刚遇到的一对黑人夫妇亲密聊天，畅谈关于重演的事情。
ZH_HYP: 在一个桌子上,亚特兰大的一对白夫妇在他们刚刚遇到的一对黑人夫妇的了热烈的。

EN: Denise Duplinski struggled to find words for how the performance made her feel.
ZH_REF: 丹尼斯·杜普林斯基很难找到词语形容她观看后感受。
ZH_HYP: 杜普尔斯基为如何使她的感觉而努力寻找单词。

EN: "It's hard to hear those horrible awful words, and deeds ... come out of people that look like you and who do it because they look like you," she said.
ZH_REF: “很难想象那些可怕的言辞和行为......竟然是像你这样的人说出来、做出来的，因为他们看起来跟你很像，”她说。
ZH_HYP: “很难听到那些可怕可怕的话语,,也是说,“他们看起来像你,”她说。

EN: "What this really does to me is make me think that lynchings are still going on," she added, "they're just called police shootings now."
ZH_REF: “这对我来说，真的让我以为私刑仍在进行，”她补充道，“现在这种事情只称为警察枪杀。”
ZH_HYP: “我对我来说,私刑仍在发生,”她补充说,“现在他们只是警察枪击了。”

EN: Across the room, Tyrone Brooks holds court at his table, eating and reminiscing about civil rights.
ZH_REF: 房间里，蒂龙·布鲁克斯坐在桌子旁观看，品尝和回味着公民权利。
ZH_HYP: 在房间里,蒂罗尔布鲁克斯在他的桌子旁,吃和回忆公民权利。

EN: He said he's already begun planning for next year's performance.
ZH_REF: 他说他已经开始计划明年的表演了。
ZH_HYP: 他说他已经开始开始规划明年的表现。

EN: "The reenactment is inspirational in a way because it describes the horror of what we endured, but it also is a teaching moment," he said.
ZH_REF: “重演是一种鼓舞人心的方式，因为它描述了我们经历过的恐怖，但它也是十分具有教育性，”他说道。
ZH_HYP: 他说:“重现方式是一种灵感,因为它描述了我们所经历的恐怖,但也是一个教学的时刻。

EN: "It's like, if you don't learn from this, it can happen again.
ZH_REF: “如果你不从中吸取教训，这种事情可能还会再次发生。
ZH_HYP: “就像,如果你不从这一点上,它就会发生。

EN: Those who don't study their history, those who do not know their history, are doomed to repeat it."
ZH_REF: 那些不研究、不了解自己历史的人注定要重蹈覆辙。”
ZH_HYP: 那些不历史的人,那些不了解历史的人注定要重复。

EN: As regards implementing market-oriented reforms associated with natural gas, the importance of reform with respect to “pipeline and grid independence” is self-evident, but more resistance and controversy can be expected.
ZH_REF: 对于天然气市场化改革而言，“管网独立”方面的改革重要性不言而喻，但阻力和争议也较大。
ZH_HYP: 关于实施与天然气有关的市场改革,改革的重要性是不言而喻的,但可以预期会出现更多的阻力和争议。

EN: To date, of the 13 people trapped, one has been rescued, and rushed to the hospital for immediate medical treatment, while emergency rescue operations are still ongoing for the other 12.
ZH_REF: 截至目前，被困13人中，已有一人获救，急送医院抢救，其余12人正在紧张搜救中。
ZH_HYP: 迄今为止,在被困的13人中,有一人被救救,急于急诊,而紧急救援行动仍在进行。

EN: It is understood that the scene of the explosion has been sealed. The local public security, firefighting, medical and other departments are carrying out rescue operations at the scene at this time.
ZH_REF: 据了解，目前现场已经封锁，当地公安、消防、医疗等部门正在现场救援。
ZH_HYP: 据了解,爆炸现场已经被密封,地方公安、消防、医疗等部门正在现场进行营救。

EN: Eye witnesses said that there was a loud bang when the explosion occurred, and a mushroom cloud rose instantly.
ZH_REF: 据目击者称，事发时一声巨响，瞬时间一朵蘑菇云腾空而起。
ZH_HYP: 目击者说,爆炸发生时爆炸,一个蘑菇云云迅速上升。

EN: (Reporter: Cui Wei) Since he made his debut 15 years ago, Jay Chou would release a new album every year, but surprisingly, he failed to do so last year.
ZH_REF: 本报讯(记者崔巍)自15年前出道以来，周杰伦每年必出一张新专辑，但是去年他却罕见地失约了。
ZH_HYP: (记者:崔伟)自15年前他登台后,每年都会发行新的专辑,但令人惊讶的是,他去年没有这样做。

EN: His fans did not protest however; instead, they sent their blessings because the reason Jay Chou failed to release a new album was because he became a father.
ZH_REF: 不过歌迷们对此并没有表示任何不满，反而齐齐送上祝福，因为失约的原因是周杰伦幸福地当上了爸爸。
ZH_HYP: 他的球迷并没有抗议,而是因为他成为了一个父亲,因为他是他父亲。

EN: After waiting for a year and a half, Jay Chou finally arrived in Beijing to present his first works since becoming a father. It was also the 14th album in his music career, “Jay Chou’s Bedtime Stories”.
ZH_REF: 让大家等待了整整一年半之后，昨天周杰伦终于来到北京，为人们献上这张他升级人父后的首份作品，同时也是他音乐生涯中的第14张专辑《周杰伦的睡前故事》。
ZH_HYP: 在等一年半后,周杰终于来到北京,介绍他的第一个工作,也是他音乐生涯中的第14张专辑,“周杰的故事”。

EN: US media: Scientists from the Air Force Engineering University of China looking into laser satellite to clean up space debris
ZH_REF: 美媒：中国空军工程大学科学家研究激光卫星，用于清除太空垃圾
ZH_HYP: 美国媒体:中国空军工程大学的科学家们研究激光卫星,以清理空间碎片

EN: Reference News January 18 report US media claims that Chinese scientists have put forward a daring and innovation proposal - to use large lasers to clean up the messy Earth orbit, and destroy old satellites as well as other space debris.
ZH_REF: 参考消息网1月18日报道 美媒称，中国科学家提出了一项大胆创新的提议，使用大型激光器清理杂乱的地球轨道，毁掉旧卫星以及其天空垃圾。
ZH_HYP: 参考新闻报道,美国媒体称,中国科学家提出了大胆创新的建议——利用大型激光器来清理杂乱的地球轨道,并摧毁旧卫星以及其他空间碎片。

EN: The report claimed that for years, space debris has always been a matter of concern for international space agencies. NASA has considered many alternative plans to track, probe and remove human made debris.
ZH_REF: 报道称，多年来，太空垃圾一直都是国际空间机构关心的问题，美国航天局考虑了多种选择方案跟踪、探测和移除人造碎片。
ZH_HYP: 报告称,多年来,空间碎片一直是国际空间机构的一个问题,美国航天局考虑了许多替代计划,跟踪、探测和清除人为碎片。

EN: The abstract of the thesis claimed that “(the simulated study) has provided the necessary theoretical basis for the application of space debris removal by using space-based laser.”
ZH_REF: 该论文的摘要称：“（仿真研究）为天基平台激光清除空间碎片技术的应用提供了必要的理论基础。”
ZH_HYP: 本文的摘要指出,“(模拟研究)为利用空间空间的激光器提供了必要的理论依据。

EN: A 2014 research conducted by US defense industry giant Lockheed Martin revealed that as far as orbiting satellites are concerned, approximately 200 deterrents exist daily.
ZH_REF: 美国国防业巨头洛克希德－马丁公司2014年的研究发现，对于正在沿轨道运行的卫星而言，每天大约有200个威胁物。
ZH_HYP: 美国国防工业巨头洛希德·马丁(lockhheedmartin)进行的一项2014年的一项研究显示,目前每天有200个威慑。

EN: The high-speed debris of orbiting satellites are regarded as serious threats to future space missions, and have been described by European Space Agency experts as a “series of fatal threats”. High-speed debris has continued to rise annually over the years.
ZH_REF: 沿地球轨道运动的高速碎片被视为对未来空间任务的严重威胁，被欧洲航天局的专家形容为“致命的一连串威胁”。过去的每一年，高速碎片都在持续增加。
ZH_HYP: 轨道卫星的高速碎片被视为对未来空间飞行任务的严重威胁,并被欧洲空间机构专家描述为"一系列致命的威胁",这些年来高速碎片继续上升。

EN: According to a January 17 report on the US-based “Popular Mechanics” website, space is basically empty, but space around Earth has become increasingly crowded. Every satellite we send into space will ultimately become debris orbiting Earth. As time passes, these debris will accumulate.
ZH_REF: 另据美国《大众机械》月刊网站1月17日报道，太空基本上是空的，但紧挨着地球的太空越来越拥挤。我们送入太空的每颗卫星最终都会变成又一块围绕地球运行的碎片，而且随着时间的推移，这些碎片会堆积起来。
ZH_HYP: 根据1月17日美国的“大众力学”网站的报告,空间基本上是空的,但地球的空间变得越来越拥挤,我们的太空卫星将成为地球地球的碎片,随着时间的推

EN: As debris increase, the probability of a satellite that is still operating normally being hit by debris becomes higher, thereby damaging or destroying an investment worth millions of US dollars.
ZH_REF: 碎片越多，某颗仍在正常运转的卫星被碎片击中的几率越高，进而损坏或摧毁一项价值数百万美元的投资。
ZH_HYP: 随着碎片增加,卫星通常被碎片撞击的卫星的可能性就会增加,从而破坏或摧毁了价值数百万美元的投资。

EN: The report claimed that all space agencies have formulated plans to remove space debris in the future.
ZH_REF: 报道称，所有太空机构都制定了在未来清除太空垃圾的计划。
ZH_HYP: 报告称,所有空间机构都制定了计划,以今后清除空间碎片。

EN: NASA is considering firing atmospheric gases to reduce the speed of the debris so that it would de-orbit. Europe is looking at launching a satellite with a large net to capture the debris and it back to earth. Japan’s idea is to use a power chain to capture the debris.
ZH_REF: NASA正在考虑用喷射气体降低碎片的速度，使其脱离轨道，欧洲正在考虑发射一颗携带一张大网的卫星，捕捉碎片，带回地球，日本的想法是用一条电动链捕捉碎片。
ZH_HYP: 欧洲正在考虑发射大气气体,以减少碎片的速度,以便它能脱轨。欧洲正在考虑用一颗卫星捕捉碎片,捕捉碎片,并将其地球。

EN: At this time, China has also put forward a method of solving the space debris problem, and that is, to use a large laser to shrink the floating space debris into smaller, less harmful pieces.
ZH_REF: 眼下，中国也提出一个解决太空垃圾的办法，即用一台大型激光器把漂浮的太空垃圾击成不那么有害的小碎片。
ZH_HYP: 同时,中国还提出了解决空间碎片问题的方法,即利用大型激光将空间碎片的缩成小的小碎片。

EN: According to a thesis published in German magazine “Optics”, a group of researchers at the Air Force Engineering University of China claimed that installing such a laser on a satellite would be enough to effectively clean up space; at least, according to the simulated results, that is.
ZH_REF: 据中国空军工程大学的一群研究人员在德国《光学》月刊上发表的一篇论文，在一颗卫星上安装这样一台激光器将足够有效地清理太空，至少根据模拟结果是这样。
ZH_HYP: 根据《德国杂志》,中国空军工程大学的一组研究人员称,在卫星上安装这样的激光就足以有效地清理空间,至少至少根据模拟结果,这就是如此。

EN: The report claimed that the only way to prove effectiveness is to carry out tests. Currently, there are no arrangements for such as mission, but sooner or later, someone will install a laser on a satellite and send it into space.
ZH_REF: 报道称，证实有效性的唯一途径是进行测试，目前尚无此类任务的安排，但或许早晚会有人在卫星上安装激光器然后将其送入太空。
ZH_HYP: 报告称,证明效果的唯一方法是进行测试,目前,没有安排,但迟早有人会在卫星上安装激光,并将其送入太空。

EN: Once this is achieved, we can finally bid farewell to space debris problems for good.
ZH_REF: 一旦做到了，我们就可以最终开始一劳永逸地消除太空垃圾的问题。
ZH_HYP: 一旦实现了这一点,我们就可以告别空间碎片问题。

EN: (Compiled by/Hu Jing, Wang Haifang)
ZH_REF: （编译/胡婧、王海昉）
ZH_HYP: (由/胡景编编译)

EN: Federer won a lot of games in his 18-year career. In this final of fashion, he received more than 60% of fans' votes.
ZH_REF: 在费德勒18年的职业生涯中赢得了非常多的比赛，在这场时尚的决赛中，他收获了超过60%的粉丝投票。
ZH_HYP: 在他18年的职业生涯中,费德勒获得了60%的球迷选票。

EN: Pearson cuts another 3,000 jobs, slashes dividend to revive business
ZH_REF: 培生集团再裁 3000 个岗位，大幅削减股息以复兴业务
ZH_HYP: 皮尔森削减了3000个工作岗位,

EN: British education group Pearson said on Friday it would cut another 3,000 jobs and slash its interim dividend by 72 per cent as it started another restructuring programme to tackle the pressures facing its business.
ZH_REF: 英国教育集团培生集团星期五称将再裁 3000 个岗位，并大幅度削减中期股息 72%，因其已开始另一重组项目来应对业务压力。
ZH_HYP: 英国教育集团皮尔森上周五说,将再削减3000个工作,削减其临时红利,同时将其临时股利削减72%。

EN: The job cuts, which Chief Executive John Fallon said will mostly come late in 2018 and in early 2019, are in addition to 4,000 roles lost in its previous restructuring.
ZH_REF: 首席执行官约翰·法伦称，大部分岗位裁减将在 2018 年下半年和 2019 年上半年进行，此前的重组中已缩减了 4000 个岗位。
ZH_HYP: 首席执行长约翰?法尔(johnfallon)表示,裁员将于2018年晚些时候晚,2019年初,在此前的重组中中,40000个

EN: Pearson announced a plan to cut costs by another 300 million pounds ($394-million U.S.) in May in a third cost-cutting programme to try to revive a business hit by the rapid move to digital learning.
ZH_REF: 培生集团五月份宣布计划在第三次成本削减项目中再削减 3 亿英镑（3.94 亿美元）成本，以复兴受数字化学习快速发展冲击的业务。
ZH_HYP: 皮尔森宣布,今年5月份在第三个成本削减计划中削减3亿英镑(39400万英镑),试图恢复因迅速向数字学习而遭受的业务。

EN: The company, which agreed to sell its stake in Penguin Random House to partner Bertelsmann last month, said its outlook for the year was unchanged after it reported a 1 per cent rise in underlying sales in the first half to 2.05 billion pounds.
ZH_REF: 上个月，该公司同意将其在企鹅兰登书屋的股份出售给合作伙伴贝塔斯曼，并发表报告称上半年其基本销售额上浮 1%，增至 20.5 亿英镑，但表示今年前景不变。
ZH_HYP: 该公司表示,该公司今年将在企鹅(berelsmannouse)出售其股权,表示,该公司今年的前景在1%的增幅为20.5亿英镑。

EN: A few days ago, the China Athletic Association issued a serious notice to severely beat the phenomenon of running for others, and prepared to punish violators with a lifelong ban.
ZH_REF: 几天前，中国田协严肃认真地出了个通知，严打替跑现象，并且准备对违规者给予终身禁赛的重罚。
ZH_HYP: 几天前,中国体育协会发出了严重的通知,以严厉打击他人的现象,并准备了终身禁令的人。

EN: Kabul convoy attack: Nato soldier killed in suicide blast
ZH_REF: 车队喀布尔遭自杀式爆炸袭击致北约士兵身亡
ZH_HYP: 喀布尔车队袭击:北约士兵在自杀式爆炸中被打死

EN: A suicide bomber has attacked a military convoy in the Afghan capital, Kabul, killing a Nato soldier and wounding several others, officials say.
ZH_REF: 据官方消息称，一支军方车队在阿富汗首都喀布尔遭遇自杀式炸弹手袭击，造成一名北约士兵丧生和数人受伤。
ZH_HYP: 一名自杀炸弹手袭击了阿富汗首都喀布尔,喀布尔,杀死一名北约士兵,并打伤了其他。

EN: Five soldiers and an interpreter were injured, a Nato statement said.
ZH_REF: 北约声明称，有五名士兵和一名口译员被炸伤。
ZH_HYP: 北约北约的一份声明,5名士兵和一名口译员。

EN: Unconfirmed local reports say three civilians also died in the incident in the city's Qarabagh district.
ZH_REF: 据未经证实的当地报道称，三名平民也在该市卡拉巴格地区发生的这次事件中死亡。
ZH_HYP: 未经证实的地方报告说,有三名平民死于该市卡里。

EN: The bombing is the latest violence to have hit Afghanistan this month - on Tuesday more than 30 people were killed in a mosque blast in Herat.
ZH_REF: 这是阿富汗遭逢的最新暴力袭击事件 - 周二发生的赫拉特清真寺爆炸事件造成了 30 多人死亡。
ZH_HYP: 轰炸是本月袭击阿富汗的最新暴力事件,在赫拉特的清真寺爆炸中丧生。

EN: On Monday a suicide bomber killed two people near the Iraqi embassy in Kabul.
ZH_REF: 周一，一名自杀式炸弹手在伊拉克驻喀布尔大使馆附近炸死两人。
ZH_HYP: 星期一,一名自杀炸弹手在伊拉克驻喀布尔大使馆附近附近炸死了两名人。

EN: A Nato statement said that Thursday evening's blast happened when a joint patrol with the Afghan army was attacked by a "personnel-borne improvised explosive device."
ZH_REF: 据北约声明称，周四晚间发生爆炸事件，阿富汗和北约联军的联合巡逻队遇“个人携带简易爆炸装置”袭击。
ZH_HYP: 北约的声明说,当与阿富汗军队的联合巡逻遭到“人员人员人员简易爆炸装置袭击时,星期四的爆炸发生。

EN: The statement said that all those injured are in a stable condition and are being treated at the US military hospital at Bagram airfield.
ZH_REF: 该声明称，所有受伤人员目前状态稳定，正在位于巴格拉姆空军基地的美军医院接受治疗。
ZH_HYP: 声明说,所有受伤的人都处于稳定状态,正在正在巴格拉姆机场的美国军事医院接受治疗。

EN: Correspondents say the growing strength of the Taliban and the group known as so-called Islamic State (IS) in Qarabagh is a major source of concern to Nato forces based in nearby Bagram.
ZH_REF: 据记者报道，卡拉巴赫地区的塔利班和所谓的伊斯兰国 (IS) 组织日益壮大引发驻扎在巴格拉姆附近的北约部队的严重关注。
ZH_HYP: 记者说,塔利班和所谓所谓所谓伊斯兰国集团的力量在卡萨布的的的主要来源。

EN: According to the United Nations, Afghanistan saw at least 1,662 civilian deaths in the first half of 2017, with about 20% of those in the capital.
ZH_REF: 据联合国统计，2017 年上半年阿富汗至少有 1,662 名平民死亡，而首都的死亡人数占约 20%.
ZH_HYP: 据联合国称,2017年上半年,阿富汗至少有1662名平民死亡,其中约20%是在首都。

EN: At the end of July, a suicide car bomb killed at least 30 people in a mainly Shia district of Kabul.
ZH_REF: 7月底发生在喀布尔以什叶派为主的地区的一起自杀式汽车炸弹袭击事件造成了至少 30 人死亡。
ZH_HYP: 7月底,一枚自杀汽车炸弹在喀布尔的什叶区至少30人死亡。

EN: The Taliban said they had carried out that attack.
ZH_REF: 塔利班声称他们发动了这次袭击。
ZH_HYP: 塔利班说他们进行了这次袭击。

EN: On 31 May, a huge bombing in the centre of the city killed more than 150 people, the deadliest militant attack in the country since US-led forces ousted the Taliban from power in 2001.
ZH_REF: 5 月 31 日，在喀布尔市中心发生一起巨大爆炸，造成 150 多人丧生，这是自2001年美国领导的多国部队将塔利班推翻后该国发生的最致命的武装分子袭击事件。
ZH_HYP: 5月31日,该市市中心发生了一次巨大的轰炸,造成150多人死亡,这是美国领导的部队在2001年赶出力量以来的最致命的攻击。

EN: The violence underlines the precarious security situation in Afghanistan as US President Donald Trump weighs up whether to increase the number of US troops aiding the military and police in the country.
ZH_REF: 暴力事件凸显了美国总统唐纳德?特朗普权衡是否增兵阿富汗支援其军队和警察之际该国险象环生的安全局势。
ZH_HYP: 暴力凸显了阿富汗的安全局势,美国总统特朗普是否增加增加美国军队和警察的人数。

EN: Correspondents say the suicide bombings in Kabul in recent weeks have also created a crisis of public confidence in the government, its policies and in particular the reputation of President Ashraf Ghani.
ZH_REF: 据记者报道，最近数周在喀布尔发生的自杀式爆炸事件也引发了公众对政府及其政策，特别是阿什拉夫?加尼 (Ashraf Ghani) 总统声誉的信任危机。
ZH_HYP: 记者说,最近几周在喀布尔发生的自杀性爆炸也造成了公众对政府的信任,政策,特别是阿什拉夫·加尼总统的声誉。

EN: EPA reverses decision to delay smog rule after lawsuits
ZH_REF: 美国国家环境保护局 (EPA) 诉讼后推翻决议，延迟烟雾法规
ZH_HYP: epa推翻决定,延迟烟雾规则

EN: The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency reversed a decision to delay an Obama-era rule requiring states to curb smog-causing emissions, one day after 15 states sued the agency over the move.
ZH_REF: 奥巴马在任时做出了要求各州遏制引起烟雾的各类排放的规定，15 个州因为该项规定对美国国家环境保护局进行起诉。起诉一天后，EPA 推翻了该项规定。
ZH_HYP: 美国环境保护局推翻了一项决定,推迟奥巴马时代的统治,要求各国遏制烟雾造成的排放。

EN: The EPA announced the decision to go ahead with the so-called "2015 Ozone Designations" late on Wednesday, saying it showed the agency's commitment to working with states.
ZH_REF: 美国环保局周三宣布决定继续推行所谓的“2015 年臭氧达标区”，并承诺环保局将与各州合作。
ZH_HYP: 环保局宣布决定在周三晚些时候晚些时候决定在2015年的"2015年臭氧"的。

EN: "We believe in dialogue with, and being responsive to, our state partners," EPA Chief Scott Pruitt said in a statement.
ZH_REF: 美国环保局局长斯科特·普鲁伊特在一份声明中表示，“我们对与国家合作伙伴进行对话充满信心，并且致力于对其作出回应。”
ZH_HYP: “我们相信与我们的国家伙伴进行对话,并顺应我们的国家伙伴。

EN: Pruitt in June had announced the EPA's intention to delay the ozone designations - in which existing smog pollution is measured in parts of the country to determine where cuts must be made to meet tougher air quality standard - by one year to October 2018.
ZH_REF: 普鲁伊特在 6 月份宣布，环保局计划将臭氧达标区标准的实施推迟至 2018 年 10 月，推迟时间为一年 - 根据该标准，对部分地区现有烟雾污染进行测量，以确定哪些地区应当减少造成烟雾污染的排放，以符合空气质量标准。
ZH_HYP: 6月,普鲁伊特宣布,环保局打算推迟臭氧的设计,在该国部分地区测量现有的烟雾污染,以确定在哪些地方必须削减空气质量标准,至2018年1

EN: A group of 15 mostly Democratic states, along with the District of Columbia, filed a suit on Tuesday saying the effort was illegal.
ZH_REF: 15 个主要民主党州以及哥伦比亚特区在星期二对此提起诉讼，宣称这一行为违法。
ZH_HYP: 15国集团与哥伦比亚特区,,与哥伦比亚特区提出了一项诉讼。

EN: The administration of President Donald Trump has been seeking to roll back a wide array of environmental regulations imposed by former President Barack Obama, as part of a broader agenda Trump says is aimed at sparking economic growth.
ZH_REF: 作为更广泛议程的一部分，唐纳德·特朗普总统当局一直在努力恢复前总统巴拉克·奥巴马推行的各种环境法规，以刺激经济增长。
ZH_HYP: 特朗普总统的政府一直在寻求推行前总统奥巴马实施的一系列广泛的环境法规,作为特朗普更广泛的日程的一部分。

EN: But the efforts have triggered pushback by Democratics and conservation groups who are concerned about the impact of greater emissions on public health.
ZH_REF: 但这些努力引发了民主党和保守团体的反对。他们担心更多排放会影响公众健康。
ZH_HYP: 但这些努力已经引起了民主化和保护团体的推崇,他们对关注的是对公共卫生的影响。

EN: The EPA's website says breathing air containing ozone "can reduce lung function and increase respiratory symptoms" like asthma.
ZH_REF: 美国环保局网站上宣称，呼吸含有臭氧的空气“会减低肺部功能，增加呼吸道症状”，比如哮喘等。
ZH_HYP: 美国环保署的网站说,呼吸空气呼吸空气可以减少肺功能,增加呼吸道症状。

EN: Two runners suffered sudden death in the recently ended 2016 Xiamen (Haicang) International Half Marathon.
ZH_REF: 在刚刚结束的2016厦门（海沧）国际半程马拉松赛上，发生两名跑者猝死事件。
ZH_HYP: 2016年厦门国际一半马拉松赛中,有两个赛跑者突然死亡。

EN: According to relevant regulations of the Indian government, establishing retail stores in India would entail procuring 30% of a product’s parts and components in India.
ZH_REF: 根据印度政府的相关规定，要想在印度开设零售店，必须在印度采购30%的产品零部件。
ZH_HYP: 根据印度政府的有关规定,在印度建立零售商店,将需要将印度的30%的零件和部件。

EN: Five renowned musicians - Peng Juxin, Yan Zhongkun, Li Chi, Zhu Qi, and “outwardly aloof and inwardly passionate singer” Yu Kewei, served as judges that night.
ZH_REF: 当晚来了五位知名音乐人当评委，分别是彭莒欣、颜仲坤、李赤、朱七，还有“闷骚歌手”郁可唯。
ZH_HYP: 五名著名音乐家-彭金、严志贡、李志、“外心和外心的歌手”,余伟,,“外心,心怀激情的歌手”。

EN: This is also the true state of survival of many singers at this time - they know what the market wants, and they know what they themselves like.
ZH_REF: 这也是目前很多歌手的真实生存状态——知道市场需要什么，也知道自己喜欢什么。
ZH_HYP: 这也是许多歌手的真正的生存状态,他们知道市场需要什么,他们知道他们自己是什么。

EN: According to Xinhua News Agency, Shenzhou 11 astronauts Jing Haipeng and Chen Dong were interviewed on the 7th by the media at the astronauts’ apartment in Aerospace City, Beijing. Both were in good condition.
ZH_REF: 据新华社电 神舟十一号航天员景海鹏、陈冬7日在北京航天城航天员公寓接受了媒体记者采访，状态良好。
ZH_HYP: 据新华社报道,神州11号宇航员郭鹏和陈东在北京宇航员公寓采访了北京的11号。

EN: At about 10am on the 16th, an explosion occurred at Shuangma Chemical Plant located in Dongchen Town, Rugao, Jiangsu Province.
ZH_REF: 16日上午10时左右，江苏省如皋市东陈镇双马化工厂发生爆炸。
ZH_HYP: 在16日,江苏省东莹东莹的双莹化学厂发生了一次爆炸。

EN: Reporters learned from the Propaganda Department of the Rugao Municipal Party Committee that rescue efforts are in the process of being carried out, and the injured have been successively rescued.
ZH_REF: 记者从如皋市委宣传部了解到，现场施救正在进行中，已有伤员被陆续救出。
ZH_HYP: 记者从了鲁尔市党委宣传部的宣传部,救援救工作正在进行中,受伤者也被逐出。

EN: The exact number of fatalities and those injured are as yet unclear, and the cause of the explosion is currently under investigation.
ZH_REF: 目前具体伤亡情况不明，爆炸原因正在调查。
ZH_HYP: 死亡人数和受伤的确切人数尚不清楚,目前正在调查中。

EN: Last night, the Organizing Committee of International Marathon Shenzhen announced the punishment for the two surrogate runners B0575 and B0800. Their results were canceled, and their cases would be further reported to the China Athletic Association for additional punishment.
ZH_REF: 昨晚，深马组委会公布了对B0575、B0800两名替跑参赛者的处罚公告，取消两人成绩，并将报请中国田协追加处罚。
ZH_HYP: ”国际马拉松组织(marathon)的组织委员会宣布对这2名代孕选手b0575和b0800的惩罚,取消了,他们的结果被取消,将进一步

EN: During heavy training, the runner needs enough nutrition to meet the body's demand for energy.
ZH_REF: 在繁重的训练期间，跑者需要摄入足够的营养来满足身体对能量的需求。
ZH_HYP: 在训练中,跑步者需要足够的营养来满足身体的能量。

EN: In terms of daily diet, the food intake in off-season is sure to be less than that during training, especially that the intake of carbohydrate is controlled while the intake of protein and fiber is increased appropriately.
ZH_REF: 在日常饮食方面，休赛期的食物量肯定要比训练期间的少，特别是减少碳水化合物的摄入，增加蛋白质和纤维的摄入。
ZH_HYP: 就日常饮食而言,在季的食物摄入量肯定不低于训练,特别是当摄入蛋白质和纤维的摄入量的时候。

EN: From December 15 to 22, 2016, a brand new production of “Hamlet” by the National Centre for the Performing Arts again triggered the passion of Chinese audience for art classics.
ZH_REF: 2016年12月15日至22日，国家大剧院全新制作的话剧《哈姆雷特》，再次引燃了中国观众对艺术经典的热情。
ZH_HYP: 2016年12月15日至22日,国家表演艺术中心再次为“哈姆雷特”的新生产,了中国观众对艺术的热情。

EN: Mikey Garcia and Vasyl Lomachenko meet for the first time, discuss a possible showdown
ZH_REF: 麦基·加西亚和瓦西里·洛马琴科首次会面，探讨未来有可能上演的决战
ZH_HYP: 米奇·加西亚和瓦斯拉·洛马科首次见面,讨论了可能出现的摊牌

EN: Vasyl Lomachenko and Mikey Garcia, who should be on a collision course to stage the most compelling boxing match under 147 pounds in the near future, met each other for the first time Thursday.
ZH_REF: 最引人注目的 147 磅以下拳击比赛将于不久后举办，当前正处于可能发生冲突状态中的瓦西里·洛马琴科和麦基·加西亚于周四首次会面。
ZH_HYP: 在不久的将来,在147磅的比赛中,巴斯拉·洛马科和米基亚(mikeygarcia)和米基亚(mikeycia)

EN: They were in separate rooms at ESPN offices in Los Angeles until Garcia, the unbeaten World Boxing Council lightweight champion, walked down the hallway to greet Lomachenko, the World Boxing Organization super-featherweight champion.
ZH_REF: 他们分别在洛杉矶 ESPN 办公室的独立房间里，不败的世界拳击理事会轻量级冠军加西亚率先走下走廊，向世界拳击组织超羽量级冠军洛马琴科致意。
ZH_HYP: 他们在洛杉矶的espn办公室的单独的,,在加西亚,世界拳击冠军的世界拳击冠军,在世界拳击组织的世界拳击冠军。

EN: After Garcia's victory by unanimous decision over former four-division world champion Adrien Broner on Saturday on Showtime, both fighters are members of the top-five pound-for-pound list.
ZH_REF: 在周六举办的 Showtime 拳赛上，裁判一致认定加西亚打败了四分区世界冠军阿德里安·布罗纳取得胜利，至此，这两位拳手均已成为同重量级榜单前五名的选手。
ZH_HYP: 在加西亚周六,在加西亚的前四分队冠军阿德里安·布朗尔的决定后,这两名战士都是五磅五磅的的。

EN: Garcia extended his right hand and said, "How you doing, champ?
ZH_REF: 加西亚伸出右手说道：“冠军，你好吗？
ZH_HYP: 加西亚伸出右手,说:“你怎么做?

EN: Best of luck to you."
ZH_REF: 祝你好运。”
ZH_HYP: 祝你们运。

EN: Lomachenko defends his belt against Miguel Marriaga on Saturday night at 7 on ESPN.
ZH_REF: 在周六晚上 7 点的 ESPN 比赛中，洛马琴科战胜了米格尔·马里亚加，保全了他的地位。
ZH_HYP: 洛马科在周六晚上7点对他的皮带进行了.

EN: As the pair posed for photos, Lomachenko manager Egis Klimas noted that a potential showdown between the fighters would be "perfect sizing."
ZH_REF: 当他们两位拍照时，洛马琴科的经纪人埃吉斯·克利玛斯指出，两位选手之间潜在的对决取决于“完美的尺寸”。
ZH_HYP: 正如对照片的照片,洛马科经理埃斯·克利马斯指出,在战士之间可能出现的一场摊牌将是“完美的”。

EN: "I'm a former featherweight," Garcia reminded.
ZH_REF: “我之前是轻量级，”加西亚提道。
ZH_HYP: “我是个以前的羽毛体重。”

EN: "I moved up for Broner [at 140 pounds], but I'm not that big.
ZH_REF: “我上调级别以对战布罗纳（140 磅），但我体重并没有那么大。
ZH_HYP: "我在140磅的铜器上搬到了,但我不是那么大。

EN: I'm small for 140.
ZH_REF: 相对于 140 磅，我的体重还差一点。
ZH_HYP: 我小140岁。

EN: I want to come down to lightweight.
ZH_REF: 我想回到轻量级。
ZH_HYP: 我想轻量轻.

EN: And he's got to move up to lightweight [135 pounds] and then we have a fight.
ZH_REF: 而他必须达到轻量级（135 磅），然后我们才能对战。
ZH_HYP: 他得走轻量,然后我们打架。

EN: That's what the fans are asking for.
ZH_REF: 这也是粉丝们想要的。
ZH_HYP: 那就是球迷们的要求。

EN: Let's give them that."
ZH_REF: 那我们就满足他们。”
ZH_HYP: 让我们来吧。

EN: Lomachenko agreed.
ZH_REF: 洛马琴科对此表示同意。
ZH_HYP: 洛马科同意了。

EN: "Boxing needs this fight."
ZH_REF: “拳击界需要这场对战。”
ZH_HYP: "拳击需要这场战斗。

EN: "This fight could be on pay-per-view because all the fans have been asking about it," Garcia said, later expressing openness to fighting on whatever network offers the best financial package.
ZH_REF: “由于所有的粉丝都在问这个问题，这场对战可能是按次收费，”加西亚说。之后，他对于在提供最佳财务方案的网络上比赛表示出开放态度。
ZH_HYP: “这场斗争可能是按工资的观点,因为所有的球迷都在问及,”加西亚说,在任何网络上都有了开放的打击。

EN: "We're the main names.
ZH_REF: “我们是主要人物。
ZH_HYP: "我们是主要的名字。

EN: No other names can generate that kind of attention.
ZH_REF: 其他人不可能产生这么大的关注度。
ZH_HYP: 没有其他名字可以引起这种关注。

EN: Whenever they're ready ... ."
ZH_REF: 只要他们准备好......”
ZH_HYP: 只要他们准备好了...................................

EN: Garcia said he appreciates Lomachenko as "a tremendous fighter," and may attend his Saturday bout.
ZH_REF: 加西亚赞赏洛马琴科是“一个出色的选手”，并可能现场观看他周六的拳击比赛。
ZH_HYP: 加西亚说,他赞赏洛马科是一个“一个巨大的斗士”,并可以参加他的星期六的比赛。

EN: But Lomachenko paused at lavish praise for Garcia, saying he thought the three-division champion from Riverside looked "very slow, sorry Mikey ... you wanted the knockout."
ZH_REF: 但洛马琴科对加西亚的赞誉有所犹豫，称他认为这个来自里弗赛德的三分区冠军看起来“很慢。抱歉，麦基......你会被淘汰的。”
ZH_HYP: 但是,洛马科的了对加西亚的赞许的赞誉,他说他认为这三分冠军的冠军看上去很慢,很抱歉,米奇..........

EN: Garcia said the focus was to show punching strength, then box.
ZH_REF: 加西亚说，重点是要展现拳头的力量，然后再是拳击。
ZH_HYP: 加西亚说,重点是展示拳击力量,然后是拳击。

EN: They both said they can feel the momentum building for their own bout.
ZH_REF: 他们都表示可以感受到自己拳击比赛的势头。
ZH_HYP: 他们都说,他们可以自己的的的势头。

EN: "This is the fight to be made.
ZH_REF: “这是必须要进行的对战，
ZH_HYP: ”“这是一场战斗。

EN: No other fight creates as much attention and buzz.
ZH_REF: 关注度和热议度是其他拳击比赛所不能及的。
ZH_HYP: 没有其他的战斗会引起人们的关注和嗡嗡.

EN: I'm more than happy to work at it," Garcia said.
ZH_REF: 我非常乐意参赛，”加西亚说。
ZH_HYP: 我更高兴地工作,”加西亚说。

EN: Said Lomachenko: "I've waited for the top fighters, and this is Mikey.
ZH_REF: 洛马琴科说：“我一直在等待顶级战士，这次轮到麦基了。
ZH_HYP: 洛马科说:“我等着顶级的战士,这是米奇。

EN: It will be a great fight."
ZH_REF: 这将是一场伟大的对战。”
ZH_HYP: 这将是一场大战。

EN: Promote Environmental Protection yesterday held a large-scale environmental volunteer service thematic event entitled “Green Homeland, Make Xicheng Proud”
ZH_REF: 宣传环保昨天，西城区举办了“绿色家园，益动西城”大型环境志愿服务主题活动
ZH_HYP: 推广环保昨日举办了一场名为「环保家园」的大型环保服务服务专题活动

EN: Unlike the past traditional methods of picking up trash and handing out promotional material, the organizers have set up six special game experiential zones, including water-efficient toilets, enzyme production experiences, and traffic dominoes.
ZH_REF: 不同于以往捡垃圾、发宣传材料的传统方式，主办方专门设置了6个游戏体验区，包括节水马桶展示、酵素制作体验、交通多米诺骨牌等。
ZH_HYP: 与过去传统的垃圾和宣传材料的传统方法不同,组织者已经建立了六个特别的游戏区,包括水水水水的水水、酶生产经验和交通多米诺骨。

EN: At present, many children in China have given up their studies, taking professional golfers as their goals. And they have been so smooth on the professional path and won’tconsider going to colleges.
ZH_REF: 目前在国内，许多小朋友因为以职业高尔夫球手为目标，放弃了学业，而在职业道路上走得平顺，更不会考虑大学。
ZH_HYP: 目前,中国的许多儿童放弃了学习,把专业的高尔夫球作为目标。他们在专业的道路上也很顺利,赢得了的tconider去大学。

EN: The position stated by National Development and Reform Commission officials as regards achieving the emission reduction target of the 11th Five-Year Plan ahead of time gives the steel industry, which has been subjected to power supply and production quotas, strong expectations of resumption of production.
ZH_REF: 中国发改委官员对十一五减排目标提前完成的表态，让受限电限产压制的钢铁行业有了强烈的复产预期。
ZH_HYP: 国家发展和改革委员会官员在提前实现《十五五年计划减排目标方面所表明的立场,使电力供应和生产配额的钢铁行业有了强烈的期望。

EN: A spokesperson from a private steel enterprise in Hebei told our reporter that notice to end power supply and production quotas has yet to be received at this time, but in reality, pressure on all enterprises have eased significantly when compared to that in September and October.
ZH_REF: 目前还没有收到限电限产结束的通知，但实际上各个企业的压力已经大大小于9、10月份，河北省一家民营钢企人士对记者说。
ZH_HYP: 河北私营企业的一位发言人告诉我们的记者,目前尚未收到关于结束电力供应和生产配额的通知,但实际上,与9月和10月相比,所有企业的压力都大大降低。

EN: Some local governments in Hebei Province have repeatedly issued documents related to power supply and production quotas, and have adopted mandatory power shutdown measures to limit production.
ZH_REF: 河北部分地方曾屡次下发限电限产文件，并一度采取强制拉闸的方式限制企业生产。
ZH_HYP: 河北省的一些地方政府多次印发有关电力供应和生产配额的文件,并采取强制停产措施。

EN: The reporter learned from local enterprises that the steel plants of most regions in Hebei have resumed production at this time, and pressure from production quotas have eased.
ZH_REF: 记者从当地企业了解到，目前河北绝大部分地区的钢厂已经复工，限产压力缓解。
ZH_HYP: 记者从当地企业得知,河北大多数地区的钢铁厂已经恢复生产,生产压力也缓解了。

EN: Mysteel.com analyst Zhang Tieshan estimated that end-user demand for construction steel will gradually weaken as winter has already arrived in Northern China.
ZH_REF: 我的钢铁网分析师张铁山预计，由于北方已经入冬，建筑钢材的终端需求将逐步由强转弱。
ZH_HYP: 据张herhel.com分析师张hanrhan估计,随着冬季已经到中国北部,对建筑钢铁的需求将逐渐减弱。

EN: Coupled with the energy conservation and emission reduction program winds down, most steel plants will generally resume production by around December 15. Products will gradually make their way to markets across the country before New Year’s Day.
ZH_REF: 加之节能减排的逐步结束，到12月15日前后，大部分钢厂将基本复产，产品将于元旦前陆续到达各地市场。
ZH_HYP: 随着能源节约和减少排放减少,大多数钢铁厂将在12月15日前恢复生产。

EN: The increase in the supply of resources will exert some pressure on soaring steel prices.
ZH_REF: 资源供应的增加将使得目前涨势正好的钢材价格受到一定压力。
ZH_HYP: 资源供应的增加将对钢价的飙升。

EN: According to foreign media reports, renowned Hollywood director Garry Marshall passed away on July 19 local time of complications from pneumonia at a hospital in Burbank, California. He was 81 years old.
ZH_REF: 据外媒报道，美国当地时间7月19日，好莱坞著名导演加里·马歇尔因肺炎并发症在加州伯班克的一家医院里逝世，享年81岁。
ZH_HYP: 据外国媒体报道,著名的莱坞导演garrymarshall于7月19日在加利福尼亚的一家医院的肺炎并发症。

EN: His publicist Michelle Bega confirmed this news to a “USA Today” reporter.
ZH_REF: 其新闻发言人米雪儿·贝佳向《今日美国》的记者证实了这一消息。
ZH_HYP: 他的公共的米歇尔·贝亚证实了这新闻。

EN: In the history of Chinese badminton team playing in the finals, no one has ever won the champions of two pair games at the same time.
ZH_REF: 在国羽出战总决赛的历史上，还从未有一人同时拿下双打两冠。
ZH_HYP: 在中国羽毛球队的历史上,没有人同时赢得两场比赛的冠军。

EN: The 68th Primetime Emmy Awards ceremony was held in Los Angeles, USA, yesterday (night of September 18th, local time).
ZH_REF: 第68届艾美奖颁奖典礼昨日(当地时间9月18日晚)在美国洛杉矶举行。
ZH_HYP: 第68届艾美奖颁奖典礼昨天在美国洛杉矶举行(当地时间))。

EN: “Game of Thrones” and “American Crime Story” were the biggest winners of this Annual Emmy Awards.
ZH_REF: 本届艾美奖的大赢家当属《权力的游戏》和《美国犯罪故事》。
ZH_HYP: ““泰罗”和“美国犯罪故事”是这一年一年度艾美奖奖的最大赢家。

EN: To date, “Game of Thrones” has already received 38 Emmy Awards, becoming the TV series that has won the most Emmy Awards in history.
ZH_REF: 至此，《权力的游戏》已经收获了艾美奖奖座38个，成为历史上获得艾美奖最多的电视剧集。
ZH_HYP: 迄今为止,“泰罗斯”的游戏已经收到了38个艾美奖,成为了在历史上最爱美奖的电视剧。

EN: Regrettably, none of the actors in “Game of Thrones” won an award.
ZH_REF: 遗憾的是，今年《权力的游戏》在演员奖项上颗粒无收。
ZH_HYP: 遗憾的是,"泰罗"的的行为都没有一个奖项。

EN: A few years ago, people who were allowed to set foot in the venture capital sector were limited to those who had founded companies and subsequently joined venture capital companies, or analysts who worked in venture capital companies who hoped to further their careers.
ZH_REF: 就在几年前，能够涉足风投领域的仅局限于创办过公司，后来加入风投公司的人，又或者那些希望事业更上一层楼的风投公司分析师。
ZH_HYP: 几年前,允许允许在风险资本部门的人,仅限于那些成立公司的公司,随后加入风险投资公司,或那些希望希望进一步职业的风险资本公司工作的分析师。

EN: Entrepreneurs would be able to more easily raise funds from the numerous investors on the AngelList, and would therefore not have to rely on on agents to put them in contact with top venture capital companies.
ZH_REF: 创业者能够更加轻松地从AngelList数目众多的投资者那里获得小额融资，因而不需要线人给他们跟顶级风投公司牵线搭桥。
ZH_HYP: 企业家们将能够更容易地从安吉尔投资者筹集到资金,因此,不必依靠代理来与顶尖风险资本公司联系。

EN: It is understood that the participating Chinese representatives mainly comprised those from China Recycling Development Corporation Ltd and International Technology Transfer Network, while the Italian representatives included those from the Global Energy Environmental Exchange Organization, federation of businesses of the greater Bologna region, and other entities.
ZH_REF: 据悉，中方参会代表主要有中国再生资源开发有限公司、中国国际技术转移协作网络，意方则由全球能源环境交流组织、意大利博洛尼亚大区企业联合会等机构组成。
ZH_HYP: 据了解,中国代表主要由中国回收开发公司和国际技术开发公司和国际技术转让网络的代表,而意大利代表则来自全球能源环境交流组织、大博洛尼亚地区企业联合会和其他实体。

EN: New results of Sweden's asylum age assessment tests released
ZH_REF: 瑞典避难者年龄评估测试最新结果公布
ZH_HYP: 瑞典的庇护年龄评估测试结果

EN: The latest results of tests on asylum seekers in Sweden subjected to a new method of medically assessing their age show that over 80 percent tested were judged to be older than 18, but not everyone has faith in their accuracy.
ZH_REF: 瑞典避难者测试采用最新方法，从医学上评估他们的年龄，最新结果表明，超过 80% 的受试者被判定为超过 18 岁，但并非所有人都相信其准确性。
ZH_HYP: 最近对瑞典寻求庇护者进行测试的结果是,对他们的年龄进行了新的评估,表明,超过80%的测试年龄超过18岁,但并非每个人都有对其的准确性

EN: Sweden's national Forensic Medicine Agency (Rättsmedicinalverket) started carrying out the tests earlier year.
ZH_REF: 瑞典国家法医学中心 (R?ttsmedicinalverket) 在今年早些时候开始此项测试。
ZH_HYP: 瑞典国家法医机构(rettsmedicerververververet)开始开始进行试验。

EN: They are designed to make age assessment during the asylum process more accurate after the Swedish Migration Agency (Migrationsverket) was criticized for failings in assessing the correct age of some refugees claiming to be underage.
ZH_REF: 被指未能准确评估部分声称未成年的难民的年龄后，瑞典移民局 (Migrationsverket) 设计了这些测试，以期在避难过程中进行更准确的年龄评估。
ZH_HYP: 他们在瑞典移民署(移民移民)被批评评估声称为未成年难民的一些难民的正确年龄而被评估。

EN: To date Migrationsverket has sent 6,880 cases to be tested, and the Forensic Medicine Agency has now released the results of a total of 2,481 tests from the period between mid March until July 31st, 2017.
ZH_REF: 到目前为止，瑞典移民局已经送来 6880 例测试者，法医学中心目前已经公布 2017 年 3 月中旬至 7 月 31 日期间总计 2481 名测试者的结果。
ZH_HYP: 到目前为止,移民者已了6880个案件,法医学机构已公布了从2017年3月31日至7月31日期间的总共2481项测试

EN: Eighty percent (2002) were judged to be 18 or over, while in a further 25 cases the Forensic Medicine Agency judged that the subject was "possibly 18 or over."
ZH_REF: 80%（2002 人）被判定为年满 18 岁或以上，然而在另外 25 例的测试中，瑞典国家法医学中心又判定受试对象“可能年满 18 岁或以上”。
ZH_HYP: 80%(2002年)被评为18岁或以上,而另外25个案件中,法医机构认为该主题可能是18岁或以上。

EN: In 432 cases the conclusion was that the person is "possibly under 18."
ZH_REF: 在 432 例测试中，结果是此人“可能未满 18 岁”。
ZH_HYP: 在432个案件中,该人"可能"。

EN: The tests are only carried out in cases where the person's age is in question.
ZH_REF: 测试只针对年龄有疑问的人。
ZH_HYP: 测试只在该人的年龄的情况下进行。

EN: According to Johan Göransson from the Forensic Medicine Agency, the results are consistent with previous months.
ZH_REF: 据法医学中心的约翰·葛兰森称，这些结果与前几个月的结果一致。
ZH_HYP: 根据法医学机构的约翰·格兰森的说法,结果与前几个月一致。

EN: "We see no big difference in the statistics from previous months, the numbers are quite consistent," he told The Local.
ZH_REF: 他告诉 The Local：“这些数据和前几个月的数据没有太大差别，数字都十分一致。”
ZH_HYP: 他对当地的统计数字没有很大的差异,这些数字相当一致。

EN: The high proportion of cases judged to be over 18 does not necessarily mean that the asylum seeker lied about their age.
ZH_REF: 被判定年龄达到 18 岁以上的案例占据较高比例并不一定表示这些避难者就谎报了年龄。
ZH_HYP: 被判定超过18岁的案件的比例不一定意味着寻求庇护者的年龄。

EN: In May, the agency released the results of 581 tests and said that there were 442 instances that "suggest the person examined is 18 years or older."
ZH_REF: 五月份，该中心公布了 581 例测试结果，并称有 442 例“表明此受试者已年满 18 岁或以上”。
ZH_HYP: 5月,该机构公布了581项测试结果,并说,"建议审查的人是18岁或以上的人。

EN: When newspaper Svenska Dagbladet investigated the 581 results released however it found that in 243 of the cases the person had openly stated that they turn 18 this year.
ZH_REF: 新闻报纸 Svenska Dagbladet 调查了此次公布的 581 例测试结果，发现其中 243 例受试者已公开表示他们今年会年满 18 岁。
ZH_HYP: 然而,当svenskadagbladet调查了581项调查结果后,该人发现,在243起案件中,该人公开表示他们在今年18岁。

EN: The method of medical age assessment, which consists of taking X-rays of wisdom teeth and MRI scans of knee joints, then having dentists and radiologists analyse them, has also been criticised in some quarters.
ZH_REF: 对智齿进行 X 射线检查，对关节进行核磁共振扫描，然后由牙科医生和放射科医生分析结果，这种医疗评估方式也在部分地区受到质疑。
ZH_HYP: 医学年龄评估的方法,包括采用x-射线和膝关节的磁共振,然后在一些方面进行牙医和放射学分析,并在一些方面进行了。

EN: One sceptic is Karolinska Institute endocrinologist Claude Marcus, whose work includes assessing the biological maturity of people to see if they went through puberty earlier or later than usual.
ZH_REF: 其中一名怀疑者就是卡罗琳学院的内分泌学家克劳德·马库斯，其工作包括评估人们的生物成熟度以判定他们是否早于或晚于正常年龄经历青春期。
ZH_HYP: 其中一个怀疑是卡尔林斯卡研究所的内分泌学家克劳德·马库斯,其工作包括评估人们是否比平时早还是比平时的。

EN: "I've had reason to think about this, and I don't think the type of measurement being used should be.
ZH_REF: 他告诉新闻报纸 Metro：“我有理由这样想，而且我认为使用的测量方式不应该是这样的。
ZH_HYP: “我有理由考虑一下,我认为使用的测量类型应该是。

EN: Judging biological age in this way is very uncertain.
ZH_REF: 以这样的方式判定生理年龄很不准确。
ZH_HYP: 这样就判断生物年龄是非常不确定的。

EN: If we can't say it for sure we shouldn't pretend that we can," he told newspaper Metro.
ZH_REF: 如果我们不能保证准确性，就不应该假装我们做得到。”
ZH_HYP: 如果我们不能说我们不能说我们不能装的。

EN: The Forensic Medicine Agency's Göransson defended the accuracy of the tests however: "In general you can say that the risk of inaccurately judging a child to be an adult is small.
ZH_REF: 然而法医学中心的葛兰森却为这些测试的准确性辩护：“大体上可以说判定一个孩子为成年人的不不确定风险很小。”
ZH_HYP: 法医学机构的göransson说,“一般你可以说,判断孩子的风险是很小的。

EN: The biggest risk is if the person is just under 18, in which case it's around 10 percent."
ZH_REF: 最大的风险是此人刚好未满 18 岁，这种情况大约占 10%。
ZH_HYP: 最大的风险是,如果该人18岁,就会有10%左右。

EN: West Virginia governor announces he's switching parties
ZH_REF: 西弗吉尼亚州州长宣布换党
ZH_HYP: 西弗吉尼亚州州长宣布他的政党

EN: The Democratic governor of West Virginia, Jim Justice, announced Thursday night at a rally with President Trump that he's switching parties.
ZH_REF: 周四晚，西弗吉尼亚州民主党州长吉姆·贾斯提斯 ( Jim Justice) 在特朗普总统的集会上宣布，他将更改党派。
ZH_HYP: 吉姆·正义的西弗吉尼亚州民主党州长周四晚上与特朗普总统的一次集会宣布他是在改派政党。

EN: "Like it or not like it, the Democrats walked away from me," Gov. Justice said.
ZH_REF: “喜欢也好，不喜欢也罢，民主党已经离我而去”，州长法官说道。
ZH_HYP: “像它不喜欢,民主党人就远离我了。

EN: "Today I will tell you with lots of prayers and lots of thinking ... today I will tell you as West Virginians, I can't help you anymore being a Democratic governor."
ZH_REF: “今天，我在进行了很多的祈祷和大量的思考后，我要告诉你们......今天我要以西弗吉尼亚人的身份告诉你们，我再也不能以民主党州长的身份来帮助你们了。”
ZH_HYP: 今天我将告诉你,我的祈祷和许多思考........今天我将告诉你,我再也不能帮你做了一个民主的州长。”

EN: The rally erupted in cheers.
ZH_REF: 集会爆发出了欢呼声。
ZH_HYP: 集会爆发在欢呼.

EN: "So tomorrow, I will be changing my registration to Republican," Justice added.
ZH_REF: “所以，明天，我将会把党籍改成共和党”，贾斯提斯补充道。
ZH_HYP: “明天,我将改变我的注册,”正义补充道。

EN: "As a coach, I would tell you it's time to run another play."
ZH_REF: “作为一名教练，我要告诉是时候开始另一场比赛了。”
ZH_HYP: “作为教练,我告诉你是时候了。

EN: Mr. Trump promised earlier a big announcement at the West Virginia rally.
ZH_REF: 特朗普早些时候在西弗吉尼亚州的集会上承诺要作出重大宣布。
ZH_HYP: 特朗普曾在西弗吉尼亚州集会上宣布了大的宣布。

EN: Mr. Trump won West Virginia by 42 points, and Justice did not endorse the Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton.
ZH_REF: 特朗普先生赢得了西弗吉尼亚州 42% 的得票率，，而贾斯提斯并没支持民主党候选人希拉里?克林顿。
ZH_HYP: 特朗普赢得西弗吉尼亚州赢得了42分,而正义没有得到民主党提名希拉里·克林顿。

EN: Justice, who is the only billionaire in the state, according to Forbes, was elected in 2016.
ZH_REF: 据《福布斯》报道，贾斯提斯在 2016 年被评选为该州唯一的亿万富翁。
ZH_HYP: 根据福布斯的的,2016年当选为唯一亿万富翁。

EN: Forbes notes that he owns coal mines in five states, having inherited a coal business from his father.
ZH_REF: 《福布斯》指出，他继承了父亲的煤炭产业，在五个州均拥有煤矿。
ZH_HYP: 福布斯指出,他在五个州拥有煤矿,他继承了父亲的煤炭。

EN: He's worth about $1.59 billion.
ZH_REF: 目前，他的身价大约为 15.9 亿美元。
ZH_HYP: 他价值约15.9亿美元。

EN: Meanwhile, the Republican National Committee released a statement Thursday night saying "Governor Justice's party switch is another blow to a Democratic Party that would rather obstruct than work to make our country great again."
ZH_REF: 与此同时，共和党全国委员会于周四晚间发表声明称：“贾斯提斯州长的换党是对民主党的又一次打击，这非但不会阻碍我们的国家变得再次伟大，反而会使我们的国家再次伟大。”
ZH_HYP: 与此同时,共和党全国委员会发表了一份声明,说“州长的党的换党是对民主党的又一次打击,而不愿让我们再次成为伟大的国家。

EN: Fang Wenshan said frankly that using music to tell an entire story is his dream.
ZH_REF: 方文山坦言，用音乐来讲完整的故事，是自己的梦想。
ZH_HYP: 方文说,用音乐来讲述整个故事是他的梦想。

EN: A song lasts between four and five minutes, so telling an entire story would be very difficult.
ZH_REF: 一首歌四到五分钟，要完整讲述一个故事很困难。
ZH_HYP: 一首歌在4至5分钟之间,所以告诉整个故事都很难。

EN: When I write songs, I am assailed by emotion. There is no story line. I’ve always felt that that was a real pity.
ZH_REF: 我写歌的时候只有情绪，没有故事线，一直觉得很可惜。
ZH_HYP: 当我写歌曲时,我是感情的,没有故事的故事线。我一直觉得这是个遗憾。

EN: Coe praises 'candid' Russian apology for doping scandal
ZH_REF: 塞巴斯蒂安·科称赞俄罗斯对于兴奋剂丑闻的“坦率”道歉
ZH_HYP: 欧委会关于兴奋剂丑闻的

EN: Global athletics boss Sebastian Coe praised what he described as a candid apology from Russia over a doping scandal on Thursday but reiterated it was not the moment for the country to be readmitted to the sport.
ZH_REF: 周四，国际田径联合会主席塞巴斯蒂安·科对俄罗斯就兴奋剂丑闻道歉表示赞赏，并称该道歉十分“坦诚”，但他重申现在亦不是俄罗斯重新参加这项运动的时刻。
ZH_HYP: 全球田径运动老板塞巴斯蒂安·科恩称赞他在俄罗斯在俄罗斯的兴奋剂丑闻中的一个坦诚道歉,但重申重申,这不是重新重新重新重新运动的时刻。

EN: Russia's athletics boss Dmitry Shylakhtin told an IAAF Congress, held on the eve of the World Athletics Championships, that his country's ban from the sport was correct and that he was determined to fight doping.
ZH_REF: 俄罗斯田径联合会主席米特里·希拉克丁在世界田径锦标赛前夕举行的国际田联大会上表示，他的国家被禁止参加这项运动是正确的，他决心打击兴奋剂。
ZH_HYP: 俄罗斯田径运动锦标赛前夕,俄罗斯田径运动会的前夕,俄罗斯的禁止运动会,俄罗斯的禁止是正确的,他决心决斗兴奋剂。

EN: He said he was sorry to "all athletes who have had gold and silver medals snatched from them at competitions."
ZH_REF: 他表示他很遗憾“所有在比赛中获得金牌和银牌的运动员都被剥夺了奖牌。”
ZH_HYP: 他说,他很抱歉,在比赛中夺得金牌和银牌的运动员。

EN: Despite his comments, the IAAF Congress voted in favor of maintaining the ban, imposed in November 2015 after a World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) report found evidence of state-sponsored doping in Russia.
ZH_REF: 尽管他做出如此评论，国际田联大会仍投票赞成维持禁令。此前，世界反兴奋剂机构 (WADA) 的报告中提及发现了俄罗斯国家赞助使用兴奋剂的证据，禁令于 2015 年 11 月实施。
ZH_HYP: 尽管他的评论,,但在世界反兴奋剂机构(报告中发现俄罗斯支持维持禁令,2015年11月,在俄罗斯的反兴奋剂机构(wada)报告中,该禁令。

EN: "I thought it was a very candid response today, a very candid presentation," IAAF president Coe told reporters.
ZH_REF: “我认为今天的回应非常坦率，非常坦率的介绍，”国际田联主席科告诉记者。
ZH_HYP: “我认为今天是非常坦率的回应,这是非常坦率的回应。

EN: "The whole Council and the whole Congress was pleased ... that the Russian federation recognized themselves that they have been through some pretty torrid times and are doing everything possible to make sure the federation is reengineered."
ZH_REF: “整个理事会和田联大会都很高兴......俄罗斯联邦承认自己经历了一段非常焦灼的时期，并正在尽一切可能确保俄罗斯能够重新参加比赛。”
ZH_HYP: 整个委员会和整个大会都很高兴...................................

EN: Coe said he was also "pleased" that Russia accepted the criteria for its reintroduction.
ZH_REF: 科说，他也很“高兴”俄罗斯接受了重新参赛的标准。
ZH_HYP: 欧委会说,他也“高兴”,俄罗斯接受了重新引入的标准。

EN: "I think it was a very constructive day and I think progress is being made, but the Congress supports the recommendations of the task force that this was not the moment to reinstate Russia," said Coe.
ZH_REF: “我认为这是非常有建设性的一天，也认为我们取得了一些进展，但田联大会支持专案小组的建议，现在还不是恢复俄罗斯参赛资格的时候，”科说。
ZH_HYP: “我认为这是一个非常建设性的一天,我认为正在取得进展,但国会支持工作队的建议,即这不是俄罗斯的。

EN: "We need to do everything over the next few months to normalize this situation.
ZH_REF: “我们需要在接下来的几个月里尽其所能使这一情况正常化。
ZH_HYP: “我们需要在今后几个月内,使这种局面正常化。

EN: The guiding principle has always been that we wanted to separate the clean athletes from the tainted system," he added
ZH_REF: 我们的指导原则一直是希望将清白的运动员从受污染的系统中分离出来，”他补充说。
ZH_HYP: 指导原则一直是我们希望把清洁运动员与毒气系统分开的。

EN: Nineteen Russian athletes will be competing as neutrals at the World Athletics Championships which start in London on Friday, having met strict IAAF criteria.
ZH_REF: 十九名俄罗斯运动员符合国际田联的严格标准，将在周五伦敦举办的世界田径锦标赛中以中立选手的身份参加比赛。
ZH_HYP: 199.19周五,俄罗斯运动员将在伦敦举行的世界田径锦标赛中,作为中子。

EN: The head of the IAAF's Task Force, Rune Andersen, said on Monday that Russia had yet to meet several of the criteria for reinstatement.
ZH_REF: 国际田联专案小组负责人符恩·安德森周一表示，俄罗斯尚未达到恢复参赛的若干标准。
ZH_HYP: 国际宇航联合会的工作队负责人runeandersen)周一说,俄罗斯还没有达到若干恢复标准。

EN: Drug-testing was still insufficient and banned coaches were still operating freely, he told reporters in London after a presentation to the IAAF Council.
ZH_REF: 他在伦敦向国际田联理事会发表演讲后告诉记者，药物检测做的仍然不足，被禁的教练也仍然在执教。
ZH_HYP: 他在向宇航联合会理事会的报告后,在伦敦的记者说,药物检测仍然不够,禁止的教练仍在自由。

EN: Reporters from The Mirror learned from the event that young actor Huang Xuan was engaged to become the national smoking control ambassador.
ZH_REF: 法晚记者从活动上获悉，青年演员黄轩被聘为全国控烟宣传形象大使。
ZH_HYP: 从年轻的演员黄宣演了黄志光的的国家吸烟者.

EN: Huang Xuan said he used to smoke when he was in university. After having fully understood the dangers of smoke, he stopped smoking successfully. This time, he proactively assumed the duty of a quit-smoking ambassador, calling on youths to stay away from tobacco.
ZH_REF: 黄轩自曝大学时期曾抽烟，在充分认识烟雾危害后，成功戒烟，这次更主动承担了戒烟大使的职责，号召青少年远离烟草。
ZH_HYP: 黄宣讲:“他在大学吸烟时,他吸烟,吸烟,他戒烟的时候,他戒烟,,他主动地戒烟,戒烟的大使,要求青年远离烟草。

EN: Audiences put on masks, and exist like a spirit in the story. This is most critical rule of the game in “Sleep No More”.
ZH_REF: 观众戴上面具，成为故事中幽灵一般的存在，这是《不眠之夜》最大的游戏规则。
ZH_HYP: 观众们戴面具,在故事中的精神,这是“睡眠不”的最重要的规则。

EN: The RMB middle price is registered at 6.4401, a depreciation of 66 basis points. The rising slows down.
ZH_REF: 人民民币中间价报6.4401贬值66基点 连续升势暂缓
ZH_HYP: 人民币中价为6.4401,折旧66个基点,涨幅缓慢.

EN: Macroeconomics Tencent Finance 2018-01-18 09:50
ZH_REF: 宏观经济 腾讯财经2018-01-18 09:50分享
ZH_HYP: 宏观经济学.2018-01-1809:50

EN: Tencent Financial News on January 18, the USD-to-RMB middle prices is registered at 6.4401, a depreciation of 66 basis points compared with the last trading day, ending the rise spanning five consecutive days.
ZH_REF: 腾讯财经讯1月18日，人民币兑美元中间价报6.4401，上一交易日中间价贬值66个基点，结束了此前的五连涨。
ZH_HYP: 腾讯讯1月18日,美元的中价价为6.4401,与上个交易日相比,66个基点,结束了连续5天的上涨。

EN: In the overnight market, the US dollar experienced a V-shaped rebounded, ending at 90.8900 as of 07:30, Beijing time.
ZH_REF: 隔夜市场，美元回暖，美元指数走出V字形态，截至北京时间07：30报90.8900。
ZH_HYP: 在隔夜市场,美元的回升,截至北京时间为90.8900,北京时间为90.8900。

EN: The Beige Book published by Federal Reserve shows that almost all 12 Fed regions reported mild to moderate growth in economic activity in early 2018. The Federal Reserve remains optimistic about the outlook for this year.
ZH_REF: 美联储公布经济褐皮书显示，12个联储地区几乎都报告2018年初经济活动取得适度到温和的增长，对今年前景保持乐观。
ZH_HYP: 联邦储备出版的贝格书显示,2018年初,几乎所有12个fed地区都温和温和,经济活动的温和。

EN: Meanwhile, the U.S. unemployment rate remained at 4.1% in December, the lowest since 2000, and companies are expected to increase wages in the coming months.
ZH_REF: 同时，美国12月份失业率仍然保持在4.1%，为2000年以来最低，预计企业将未来几个月上涨工资。
ZH_HYP: 与此同时,美国失业率在12月的4.1%,而2000年以来的最低水平,预计企业将在未来几个月里工资。

EN: Fed officials generally believe that tax reform is a factor supporting this modest strengthening of the economic outlook. The Fed predicts that the economy will increase by 2.5% in 2018 and the interest rate will be raised three times.
ZH_REF: 美联储官员普遍认为税改是支持这个适度走强经济前景的一个因素，美联储预测2018年经济增长2.5%，加息3次。
ZH_HYP: 美联储官员普遍认为,税收改革是支持这一经济前景的一个因素,美联储预测,经济将在2018年增长2.5%,利率将提高三次。

EN: It is worth noting that, as the market expects a more stable renminbi, the attractiveness of renminbi assets to foreign investors will also gradually increase.
ZH_REF: 值得注意的是，随着市场对人民币预期更趋平稳，人民币资产对境外投资者的吸引力也逐渐凸显。
ZH_HYP: 值得注意的是,随着市场预期人民币的稳定,人民币资产对外国投资者的吸引力也将逐渐增加。

EN: At 7.50 am today (March 10), a chemical plant in Xinxiang County, Henan Province, exploded, with black smoke billowing at the scene.
ZH_REF: 今日（3月10日）上午7时50分，河南省新乡县一处化工厂发生爆炸，现场升腾起滚滚黑烟。
ZH_HYP: 今天(3月10日),河南省新乡县的化学工厂爆炸,黑烟在现场。

EN: The Beijing News reporter learned from the Xinxiang County Party Committee Propaganda Department that one person was injured in the explosion.
ZH_REF: 新京报记者从新乡县委宣传部获悉，爆炸共致1人受伤。
ZH_HYP: 北京新闻记者从新乡县党委宣传部获悉,一名人在爆炸中受伤。

EN: The videos released by local netizens showed that thick smoke was billowing at the scene of the explosion, accompanied by noise.
ZH_REF: 当地网友发布的视频显示，爆炸现场浓烟滚滚，并伴有响声。
ZH_HYP: 当地网民发布的视频显示,爆炸的现场正在爆炸,伴有噪音。

EN: Some netizens claimed that the explosion occurred this morning, and that it occurred at a chemical plant in Xiaoji Town, Xinxiang County, Henan Province.
ZH_REF: 有网友称，事发今日上午，爆炸地点是位于河南省新乡县小冀镇的一处化工厂。
ZH_HYP: 一些网民声称,爆炸发生在今天的,河南省新乡县的小镇化工厂发生了爆炸事件.

EN: The Beijing News reporter learned that the chemical plant which exploded was Henan Xinxiang Liutong Industrial Co., Ltd.
ZH_REF: 新京报记者了解到，事发化工厂为河南省新乡六通实业有限公司。
ZH_HYP: 北京记者得知,河南新乡新东工业有限公司.

EN: Public information revealed that the aforesaid enterprise was incorporated in Feburayr 2002, and its scope of business included the manufacture of chemicals.
ZH_REF: 公开资料显示，上述企业成立于2002年2月，经营范围中包括化工产品制造。
ZH_HYP: 公共信息显示,上述企业被纳入2002年2月的,其业务范围包括化学品的制造。

EN: This afternoon, Xinxiang County Party Committee Propaganda Department responded to the incident. The explosion occurred at 7.50am. The fire is now effectively under control. One person was slightly injured. The cause of the explosion is still under investigation.
ZH_REF: 今日下午，新乡县委宣传部对此回应称，爆炸发生在上午7点50分，目前火情已得到有效控制，有1人受轻伤。事发原因正在调查中。
ZH_HYP: 今天下午,新乡县委员会宣传部对事件事件作出回应,当时的爆炸发生在7.50点,当时的火势仍在调查中。

EN: A Beijing News reporter noticed that in 2015, the chemical plant in question was exposed by the media including Henan TV Station for contamination in violation of the law.
ZH_REF: 新京报记者注意到，早在2015年，涉事化工厂就因违规排污，被包括河南电视台在内的媒体曝光。
ZH_HYP: 北京新闻记者指出,2015年,有关化工厂受到包括河南电视台在内的媒体的接触。

EN: That day, 85-year-old Yoji Yamada, the original director of “What a Wonderful Family!” flew to Beijing to visit the set personally.
ZH_REF: 当日原作《家族之苦》导演，85岁高龄的山田洋次不辞辛劳飞临北京，亲临片场探班。
ZH_HYP: 那一天,85岁的yyyyyamada,““多么美好的家庭!”

EN: Beijing Business Today reporters found Guangzhou Shangpin Home Collection Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Shangpin Home Collection), which was targeted for a listing on the Small and Medium Enterprise Board of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, to be among the 12.
ZH_REF: 北京商报记者发现，瞄准深交所中小板的广东尚品宅配家居股份有限公司(以下简称尚品宅配)位列其中。
ZH_HYP: 北京商业公司今天的记者发现,广州商家有限公司(以下简称“shangpphhome))),成为深圳证券交易所的上市。

EN: On December 26, reporters learned from the municipal environmental protection bureau that Lu’an City successfully declared a total of 98 national and provincial environmental protection projects of various categories, and received special environmental protection funds worth a total of RMB145.26 million.
ZH_REF: 12月26日，记者从市环保局了解到，2012年六安市共成功申报国家和省各类环保项目98个，争取环保专项资金共计14526万元。
ZH_HYP: 26.12月26日,从市环境保护局的记者得知,陆安安市成功地宣布了各类环保项目,共收到1.4526亿元人民币。

EN: In particular, 55 were national-level environmental protection projects, for which special national environmental protection funds of RMB132.46 million were received; 43 were provincial-level environmental protection projects for which special provincial environmental funds of RMB12.8 million were received.
ZH_REF: 其中，国家级环保项目55个，争取国家环保专项资金13246万元；省级环保项目43个，争取省级环保专项资金1280万元。
ZH_HYP: 特别是,55个是国家级环境保护项目,收到了国家环境保护基金1.3246亿元人民币的省级环境保护项目,其中省级环境基金的环境基金1280万人民币。

EN: The projects, upon implementation, had a positive effect on advancing Lu’an City’s regional scientific development, achieving rehabilitation for lakes, accelerating improvement in the water environment of drainage basins, ensuring safety in drinking water, and advancing energy saving and emission reduction.
ZH_REF: 项目实施后，对促进六安市区域科学发展，实现湖泊休养生息，加快流域水环境质量改善，保障饮用水安全，推进节能减排具有积极作用。
ZH_HYP: 这些项目在实施后对推进陆路的区域科学发展、实现湖泊的改造、改善排水安全、以及促进节约和减少排放的积极影响。

EN: Today, four groups including Tonglu County, Zhejiang Province, which contributed to Beautiful China won the 8th China Environmental Award.
ZH_REF: 今天，浙江省桐庐县等4个为美丽中国作出贡献的群体荣获第八届中华环境奖。
ZH_HYP: 今天,浙江省在内的四个集团,中国华美的中国获得了中国的环境奖项。

EN: Established in 2000, the China Environmental Award is the most prestigious award in the field of environmental protection in China. The judging panel is made up of many Central government departments.
ZH_REF: 设立于2000年的中华环境奖是我国环境保护领域的最高奖项，由多个中央部门组成评选委员会。
ZH_HYP: 中国环境奖成立于2000年,是中国环保领域最最著名的奖项。

EN: Li Wei, head of the judging panel and Secretary-General of China Environmental Protection Foundation said that China is now confronted with legacy ecological issues from a growth model that was GDP-heavy and environmental protection-light for a few decades.
ZH_REF: 评选委员会负责人、中华环保基金会秘书长李伟说，我国正面临着前几十年重GDP、轻环保发展模式遗留下来的生态问题。
ZH_HYP: 中国环境保护基金会的长李伟(李伟)说,中国目前正面临着几十年来的增长模式,——————————环境保护的保护。

EN: The selection of the current China Environmental Award was aimed at honoring entities and individuals that have contributed to improving the environment and people’s livelihoods so as to reflect popular will.
ZH_REF: 本届中华环境奖的评选，旨在表彰那些为改善环境民生作出贡献的单位及个人，以体现对民意的尊重。
ZH_HYP: 目前中国环境奖的选择是为改善环境和人民生计做出贡献的个人,以反映出人们的意愿。

EN: As far as the judging panel was concerned, Tonglu County in Zhejiang Province which was founded on the basis of ecology should win this honor.
ZH_REF: 在评选委员会看来，以生态立县为本的浙江省桐庐县当获此殊荣。
ZH_HYP: 在评判小组的基础上,浙江省通路县应赢得这一荣誉。

EN: According to popular vote, the voice of US actor Morgan Freeman will be used for Jarvis, the domestic AI helper Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg built himself.
ZH_REF: 根据大众的投票，Facebook CEO马克·扎克伯格（Mark Zuckerberg）自制家用人工智能助理Jarvis将使用美国影星摩根·弗里曼（Morgan Freeman）的声音。
ZH_HYP: 根据民众的投票,美国演员摩根·弗里曼的声音将被用于贾维斯,国内的facebookookookookookookookook。

EN: This system operates in the Zuckerberg home, and its name is similar to Tony Stark’s AI helper in the movie “Iron Man”.
ZH_REF: 这套系统在扎克伯格家中运行，它的名字与电影《钢铁侠》中托尼·史塔克（Tony Stark）的人工智能助手相同。
ZH_HYP: 这个系统在扎克伯格家的家,其名字与托尼·斯塔克在电影“铁人”中的助手。

EN: Hubei police smashed four cross-border telecommunication fraud syndicates in connection with more than 500 cases in 31 provinces, cities and counties involving more than RMB70 million
ZH_REF: 湖北警方跨国端掉4个电信诈骗团伙串并31个省市县500余起案件涉案金额7000余万元
ZH_HYP: 湖北警方在31个省、城市和县的500多起案件的4个跨国电信欺诈诈骗集团

EN: How soccer's financial rules impact Neymar's move to Paris
ZH_REF: 足球界财务规则对内马尔 (Neymar) 转会巴黎有何影响？
ZH_HYP: 足球的财务规则如何影响到巴黎

EN: Rules aimed at preventing unfettered spending by European soccer clubs will not disrupt Neymar's world-record transfer from Spain's Barcelona to France's Paris-Saint Germain.
ZH_REF: 旨在防止欧洲豪门足球俱乐部不受限制支出的规则并不会阻碍内马尔以创记录的价格从西班牙的巴塞罗那俱乐部转会到法国的巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部 (PSG) 。
ZH_HYP: 旨在防止欧洲足球俱乐部的不受约束的支出的规则不会破坏从西班牙巴塞罗那转到法国的巴黎-圣日曼。

EN: Any consequences will come further down the line for Paris Saint-Germain from UEFA, the governing body overseeing the European game which has the power to ban teams from the prestigious Champions League tournament.
ZH_REF: 由此造成的后果则是欧洲足球协会联盟 (UEFA) 对巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部实行进一步降级。欧洲足球协会联盟是欧洲足球比赛的管理机构，有权禁止各球队参加广受关注的欧冠联赛。
ZH_HYP: 任何后果都将从欧洲欧洲联赛的欧洲欧洲局的的欧洲赛事的欧洲赛事的

EN: Financial Fair Play rules launched by UEFA in 2011 mean that PSG will eventually have to show that Neymar's transfer was funded without incurring huge losses.
ZH_REF: 2011 年欧足联推出的《金融公平竞赛规则》 (FFP) 意味着巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部最终必须证明内马尔的转会获得资金资助而不会造成巨额亏损。
ZH_HYP: 2011年欧洲足联发起的金融公平竞争规则意味着,psg最终将证明,neymar的转移是资金的,而不会造成巨大损失。

EN: Barcelona has been paid 222 million euros ($262 million) just to buy the Brazilian out of his contract and Neymar will command a salary that will run to tens of millions of dollars a year.
ZH_REF: 巴塞罗那俱乐部已经支付了 2.22 亿欧元（2.62 亿美元），仅仅是为了支付该名巴西球员的解约费用，而内马尔的薪水每年将高达数千万美元。
ZH_HYP: 巴塞罗那已经支付了2.22亿欧元(2.62亿美元),而巴西将支付将每年达万美元的工资。

EN: Here are some of the financial aspects of Neymar's move to France.
ZH_REF: 以下是内马尔转会至法国所产生的一些财务影响。
ZH_HYP: 这里是一些新的财务方面。

EN: PSG can certainly stump up the cash to sign Neymar and add him to a galaxy of other stars, given the team's funding from the energy-rich ruling family of Qatar.
ZH_REF: 考虑到该球队的资金来自财大气粗的卡塔尔统治家族，巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部当然可以用现金签约内马尔，并将他纳入到其他明星云集的战队。
ZH_HYP: 因为该队从卡塔尔富豪统治家族的资金,,psg可以肯定会把钱签署neymar,并将他加入星系。

EN: Clubs are allowed to spend heavily on acquiring players but they have to counterbalance that with legitimate sources of income, allowing them to approach break-even on their football-related business.
ZH_REF: 俱乐部可以花巨资购买球员，但他们必须利用合法的收入来源来弥补所花巨资，使他们在足球的相关业务上实现盈亏平衡。
ZH_HYP: 俱乐部允许俱乐部在获得球员身上,但他们必须以合法的收入来源,允许他们在他们的足球相关的业务上。

EN: FFP was conceived by Michel Platini after his election as UEFA president in 2007.
ZH_REF: 《金融公平竞赛规则》是由米歇尔?普拉蒂尼 (Michel Platini) 在 2007 年当选为欧足联主席后提出的构想。
ZH_HYP: 2007年,在米歇尔·普拉蒂尼当选为总统。

EN: The former France player believed that clubs who ran up huge debts in their pursuit of success were effectively cheating and risking ruin if banks or owners withdrew their support.
ZH_REF: 这位前法国球员认为，对于那些为追求成功而债台高筑的俱乐部而言，如果银行或所有人撤回支持资金，他们实际上是在欺骗，置俱乐部于毁灭的风险。
ZH_HYP: 前法国球员认为,如果银行或所有者撤回支持,他们成功的成功,就会了他们的欺骗和冒着风险。

EN: In 2011, FFP shifted from focusing on clubs' debts to monitoring their losses instead.
ZH_REF: 2011 年，《规则》的关注点从俱乐部债务问题转向俱乐部的损失状况监测。
ZH_HYP: 2011年,fff将注意力集中在俱乐部债务上,以监测它们的损失。

EN: The change meant that the business model Roman Abramovich initially used at Chelsea in 2003 - buy a club with potential, and then spend heavily to improve the squad and build a global brand - become a tougher proposition.
ZH_REF: 这一变化意味着，罗马?阿布拉莫维奇 (Roman Abramovich) 在 2003 年收购切尔西俱乐部时使用的商业模式，即购买一家有潜力的俱乐部，然后花巨资改善球队并将其建立一个全球品牌，现在面临更苛刻的处境。
ZH_HYP: 这一变化意味着2003年最初在切尔西使用的商业模式romanabramovich),用潜力的俱乐部,然后花大量的时间来改善球队,并建立了一个全球的

EN: During the current three-year FFP assessment period that runs through 2018, clubs can incur losses of 30 million euros.
ZH_REF: 在截至 2018 的三年《规则》评估期中，俱乐部可能会损失 3000 万欧元。
ZH_HYP: 在目前的2018年的三年期间,俱乐部可造成3000万欧元的损失。

EN: And despite Platini being ousted in disgrace from the presidency in 2015, his UEFA successor Aleksander Ceferin is still committed to deterring excessive spending.
ZH_REF: 尽管阿布在 2015 年被时任主席所贬损，但欧足联继任者亚历山大?赛福瑞 (Aleksander Ceferin) 仍然致力于阻止过度开支。
ZH_HYP: 尽管普拉蒂尼在2015年总统总统的耻辱,但他的阿夫·阿夫仍然致力于遏制过度的支出。

EN: "Certainly FFP is not dead and we will, for sure, reinforce the rules going forward," Andrea Traverso, who oversees FFP at UEFA, told The Associated Press last week.
ZH_REF: “当然《规则》还没有失效，我们肯定会加强未来的法规 ”，欧足联负责《规则》相关事务的安德鲁?特拉韦尔索 (Andrea Traverso) 上周告诉美联社。
ZH_HYP: “ffffp”的fffa的,“当然,ffff的工作并没有死,我们肯定会加强前进的规则。

EN: Although PSG will have paid Neymar's buyout clause in one lump sum, it can spread the amount for accounting purposes over the length of his contract.
ZH_REF: 虽然巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部将一次性付清内马尔的买断条款，但它也可以在合同期限内根据会计目的进行金额分配。
ZH_HYP: 虽然psg将在一次性付钱买入neymar的买,但它可以将会计的金额用于会计目的。

EN: Neymar has signed a five-year deal, so the transfer fee could be shown as a 44.4 million-euro cost in the annual accounts for the next five years.
ZH_REF: 内马尔已经签署了一项为期五年的协议，所以转会费在未来五年的年度账户中可能会显示为 4440 万欧元的费用。
ZH_HYP: 内ymar签署了五年协议,因此,在未来五年的年度账户中,转移费可以显示为4440万欧元。

EN: The first wave of FFP sanctions in 2014 saw PSG, along with Abu Dhabi-owned Manchester City, hit with the heaviest sanctions.
ZH_REF: 2014 年实施的第一波《规则》制裁使巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部，以及阿布扎比旗下的曼彻斯特城俱乐部受到了最严厉的制裁。
ZH_HYP: 2014年,第一波联邦制裁的第一波与阿布扎比拥有的阿布扎比----与最严厉的制裁。

EN: PSG was handed a fine of 60 million euros (then $82 million) - that was later reduced to 20 million euros - and ordered to limit its Champions League squads to 21 players for the 2014-15 season instead of the normal 25.
ZH_REF: 巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部被判罚款 6000 万欧元 (按当时汇率计为 8200 万美元) , 后来减少到 2000 万欧元，并要求在 2014-15 赛季的冠军联赛该球队减少球员到 21 名，而不是正常的 25 名球员。
ZH_HYP: psg被罚款6000万欧元(然后再减少到2000万欧元,并命令将2014-15赛季的冠军联赛限制在21名球员,而

EN: UEFA is on the lookout for clubs who might try to outwit its financial regulators by inflating their income through companies linked to a club's owners.
ZH_REF: 欧足联正虎视眈眈盯着那些试图通过与俱乐部所有者挂钩来增加收入,欺瞒金融监管机构的俱乐部。
ZH_HYP: 欧足联正在俱乐部俱乐部的俱乐部,他们通过通过与俱乐部的业主相关的公司的收入来来。

EN: While a Qatari company could sponsor PSG, if the value of the sponsorship was deemed to exceed standard market rates UEFA would not allow it to count as legitimate income.
ZH_REF: 虽然卡塔尔的公司可以赞助巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部，但如果赞助金额被认为超过标准市场价格，那么欧足联不会将其视为合法收入。
ZH_HYP: 卡塔尔公司可以赞助psg,但如果担保的价值被认为超过标准市场利率,那么它就无法将其作为合法收入。

EN: That is what happened in 2014 when UEFA ruled that the value of the Qatar Tourism Authority sponsorship of PSG was inflated.
ZH_REF: 这是 2014 年发生的事情，欧足联当时裁定卡塔尔旅游局赞助巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部的金额被夸大了。
ZH_HYP: 这正是2014年欧洲足联裁定卡塔尔旅游局赞助的价值。

EN: It has been reported that part of Neymar's PSG earnings could come via payments from the 2022 World Cup organizing committee in Qatar.
ZH_REF: 据报道，内马尔在巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部收入的一部分可能来自 2022 年卡塔尔世界杯组委会的付款。
ZH_HYP: 据报道,部分内的的部分可能通过2022年世界杯组织委员会的支付。

EN: But PSG and Qatar 2022 have denied that Neymar will become a World Cup ambassador and such a maneuver would be easy for UEFA's regulators to expose.
ZH_REF: 但是，巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部和该组委会均否认内马尔将担任世界杯大使，而对欧足联的监管机构来说，作出这样的举措是很容易的。
ZH_HYP: 但psg和卡塔尔2022年否认奈尔将成为世界杯的大使,这样的人将很容易暴露。

EN: Past sanctions slapped on PSG means that UEFA will be even more watchful of any attempt to circumvent the rules.
ZH_REF: 近期对巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部实施的制裁意味着，欧足联将更加警惕任何绕开规则的企图。
ZH_HYP: 过去的制裁对psg的制裁意味着,欧洲足联会更加小心。

EN: UEFA has not been in pre-emptive discussions with PSG about Neymar's transfer, people familiar with the situation said Thursday.
ZH_REF: 周四知情人士称，欧足联并未与巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部就内马尔的转会事宜进行预先讨论。
ZH_HYP: 据知情人士透露,欧足联没有就尼尔的转移问题进行先发制人的讨论。

EN: They spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity as they were not authorized to discuss the PSG situation.
ZH_REF: 上述人士均仅以不具名的身份与美联社进行接触，因为他们未获授权讨论巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部的状况。
ZH_HYP: 他们在匿名谈话中与联系媒体谈话,他们没有被授权讨论。

EN: The last published accounts show that PSG made a profit of more than 10 million euros in 2015-16 on a turnover of 542.4 million euros.
ZH_REF: 上次公布的账目显示，巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部在 2015-16 年度的营业收入为 5.424 亿欧元，盈利超过 1000 万欧元。
ZH_HYP: 上一次公布的账户显示,2015年至16年,psg公司的利润为1000万欧元。

EN: Accounts for the last financial year are yet to be published.
ZH_REF: 上一会计年度的账目尚未公布。
ZH_HYP: 上个财政年度的账目尚未公布。

EN: PSG expects Neymar's arrival to be a boon for sponsorship deals, merchandising and jersey sales.
ZH_REF: 巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部预计内马尔的加盟将为赞助活动，特许经营和球衣销售带来福音。
ZH_HYP: psg预计,将成为赞助交易、商品和泽西销售的交易。

EN: The club expects turnover would grow by at least 30 percent on the back of the signing.
ZH_REF: 该俱乐部预计签署内马尔后营收额将增长至少 30％。
ZH_HYP: 俱乐部预计,在签署后,将增长至少30%。

EN: Clearly irritated to see one of soccer's biggest players leaving, the Spanish league tried to stymie Neymar's move, claiming that PSG will be breaching FFP.
ZH_REF: 很显然，看到其中名气最大的球员离开，西班牙联盟深感愤怒，试图阻碍内马尔的该举动，并声称巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部违反《规则》。
ZH_HYP: 显然,让足球的最大球员之一,西班牙联盟试图将尼尔的举动,声称psg将会违反ffff。

EN: "It is a clear case of 'financial doping', with the club and the state," La Liga President Javier Tebas told Spanish newspaper AS, referring to Qatar's ultimate ownership of PSG.
ZH_REF: 西甲联赛主席哈维尔?特巴斯告诉西班牙报纸AS称，“这是一起'金融兴奋剂'的明显例证,俱乐部和国家都是一样的”，指的是对巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部拥有最终所有权的卡塔尔。
ZH_HYP: “这是一个明显的“金融兴奋剂”的明显例子,与俱乐部和国家一起,“这是一个明显的“金融兴奋剂”。

EN: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger, whose club is owned by an American sports tycoon, shares La Liga's reservations about a state funding a club.
ZH_REF: 阿森纳球队（该俱乐部的所有人为美国体育大亨）主教练阿尔塞纳?温格 (Arsene Wenger) ，对国家资助俱乐部的态度与西甲联赛均持保留意见。
ZH_HYP: 阿森纳的俱乐部是美国美国体育大亨的拥有,他对一个俱乐部的资助的国家的保留。

EN: "It is the consequence of the ownerships and that has completely changed the whole landscape of football in the last 15 years," Wenger said Thursday.
ZH_REF: “这是所有权带来的后果，而这彻底改变了过去 15 年足球的整个生态 ”，温格周四表示。
ZH_HYP: 温格说:“这是所有权的结果,在过去15年中完全改变了整个足球的。

EN: "Once a country owns a club, everything is possible.
ZH_REF: “一旦国家拥有俱乐部，那么什么事情都会发生。
ZH_HYP: "一旦一个国家拥有俱乐部,一切都是可能的。

EN: It becomes very difficult to respect the Financial Fair Play because you can have different ways or different interests for a country to have such a big player to represent a country."
ZH_REF: 这将会使遵守《规则》变得非常困难，因为对于一个国家而言，有许多不同的方式或各种利益来要求大牌的球员代表一个国家。”
ZH_HYP: 尊重金融公平竞争,因为你可以对一个国家有这样的国家的不同的方式或不同的利益。

EN: Smart interactive robot developer Rokid received new investment; Temasek is the lead investor
ZH_REF: 智能交互机器人研发商Rokid获新投资 淡马锡领投
ZH_HYP: 智能互动机器人开发商rokid收到了新的投资;

EN: In recent years, start-ups in the AI sector have continued to be a hot favorite of capital.
ZH_REF: 近年来，人工智能领域的初创公司持续受到资本热捧。
ZH_HYP: 近年来,人工智能部门的初创企业仍是最热衷的资本。

EN: AI Rokid recently completed a round of funding, led by Temasek. Other investors included Credit Suisse, CDIB (the investment arm of China Development Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.), and existing shareholder IDG Capital.
ZH_REF: 人工智能Rokid即于近日完成新一轮融资，由淡马锡领投，瑞士信贷、CDIB（台湾中华开发金融控股公司旗下投资机构）、老股东IDG资本等机构跟投。
ZH_HYP: 最近,其他投资者包括瑞马锡(temasek)的的资金,其他投资者包括信贷(cdib(中国发展金融控股有限公司)、现有的股东idgcapital)和现有的

EN: It is understood that the size of this round of funding was approximately US$100 million. Both Credit Suisse and CDIB were first time investors in China’s domestic AI industry.
ZH_REF: 据悉，本轮融资规模约为1亿美元，瑞信和CDIB首次在国内人工智能领域的融资交易中出现。
ZH_HYP: 据了解,这一轮资金的规模约为1亿美元,瑞士信贷和cdib都是首次在国内国内产业。

EN: Rokid is a developer of smart interactive robots, and is committed to robotics research. It products can control smart devices in the home, and has continuous autonomous learning and growth functions. It also features recognition, comprehension and feedback functions.
ZH_REF: Rokid是一家智能交互机器人研发商,致力于机器人领域研究，产品可操控家中智能设备，具有能持续自主学习和成长功能，还具备识别、听懂、反馈等功能。
ZH_HYP: rokid是一个智能机器人的开发商,致力于机器人的研究,它可以控制智能设备,并具有自主的学习和功能,同时也具有识别、理解和反馈功能。

EN: Proceeds from this round of funding will be used for R&D, talent recruitment, strategic push and industry chain investment layout.
ZH_REF: 本轮融资将主要用于研发、人才引进、战略推动及产业链的投资布局。
ZH_HYP: 这一轮资金的收益将用于研发、人才招聘、战略推动和产业链投资投资布局。

EN: At the time, Rokid claimed that after the Series B funding, the company’s valuation would reach US$450 million.
ZH_REF: 当时Rokid称，B轮融资后公司估值已达到4.5亿美元。
ZH_HYP: 当时,罗基德声称,在b系列的资金之后,该公司的估值将达到4.5亿美元。

EN: In May 2017, Rokid unveiled its consumer class smart voice robot “Rokid - Pebble”, integrating AI and the home, priced at RMB1,399.
ZH_REF: 2017年5月，Rokid发布了消费级智能语音机器人“若琪·月石”，将人工智能和家庭场景结合起来，售价为1399元。
ZH_HYP: 2017年5月,罗基德公布了其消费者消费者智能手机(rokid-peble)的消费者消费者智能手机,以1399元。

EN: This robot uses speech synthesis, natural language understanding, speech recognition technology and microphone array technology, with conversational, music broadcast and smart home features.
ZH_REF: 该款机器人使用语音合成、自然语言理解、语音识别技术和麦克风阵列技术，具有聊天对话、播放音乐、智能家居功能。
ZH_HYP: 本机器人使用语音合成、自然语言理解、语音识别技术和麦克风阵列技术,具有通话、音乐广播和智能的特色.

EN: It has won two major CES awards - Tech For A Better World and Home Audio/Video Components And Accessories, as well as Germany’s iF Design Award, known as the Oscars of the design world.
ZH_REF: 曾获得国际消费电子产品展（CES）Tech For A Better World及Home Audio/Video Components And Accessories两项大奖，以及有设计界奥斯卡之称的德国IF设计奖。
ZH_HYP: 它赢得了两个主要的ces奖项技术,以一个更好的世界和家庭音频/视频件和配件,以及德国设计奖。

EN: At the 2018 CES which had just ended, Rokid unveiled another new product: the consumer class augmented reality AR glasses RokidGlass.
ZH_REF: 在刚刚闭幕的2018CES上，Rokid又发布了一款新产品：消费级增强现实AR眼镜RokidGlass。
ZH_HYP: 在刚刚结束的2018年ces中,rokid推出了另一种新产品:消费者类增强了现实的现实意义。

EN: These glasses are used as independent head displays, and do not require connections to smartphones or external computers. It is expected to be commercialized in 2018.
ZH_REF: 该款眼镜将作为独立头显使用，即无需连接智能手机或外部电脑,预计将在2018年实现商业化。
ZH_HYP: 这些眼镜被用作独立的头,不需要连接智能手机或外部计算机,预计2018年将商业化。

EN: Previously, the company had already released its first generation home robot, RokidAlien and second generation product, smart voice box RokidPebble.
ZH_REF: 此前，公司已发布第一代产品家庭机器人RokidAlien和第二代产品智能音箱RokidPebble。
ZH_HYP: 以前,该公司已经发布了第一代家庭机器人、rokidalien和第二代产品,智能语音的。

EN: This is the 135th anniversary Lu Xun’s birth and 80th anniversary of his death. In the words of scriptwriter Zhou Zhiqing, “I love Lu Xun. That’s why I have creative impulse.”
ZH_REF: 今年恰逢鲁迅诞辰135周年、逝世80周年，用编剧俞志清的话讲：“因为热爱鲁迅，所以才有了创作的冲动。”
ZH_HYP: 这就是鲁迅的诞生和他逝世80周年。用文字编剧《我爱鲁迅》,这就是我有创造性的冲动。

EN: Apple revealed that with effect from February 28, Guizhou-Cloud will be the new operator of iCloud services in Mainland China.
ZH_REF: 据苹果公司透露，从今年2月28日起，中国内地的iCloud服务将转由云上贵州公司负责运营。
ZH_HYP: 苹果公司透露,从二月二十八日起,贵州云将成为中国内地的icloud服务的新运营商。

EN: Apple said that “the partnership with Guizhou-Cloud will allow us improve the speed and reliability of our iCloud services products while also complying with newly passed regulations that cloud services be operated by Chinese companies.”
ZH_REF: 苹果公司表示，“与云上贵州的合作将使我们得以继续提高iCloud服务的速度以及可靠性，同时也符合中国的云服务须由本地企业运营的新规。”
ZH_HYP: 苹果公司表示,“与贵州云的伙伴关系将让我们能够改善我们的服务服务产品的速度和可靠性,同时也遵守新的的云服务。

EN: During the period of deactivation, data and information previously stored in iCloud by users will still remain in iCloud, and will not be lost.
ZH_REF: 停用期间，用户此前储存在iCloud的数据资料还将保存在iCloud里，不会丢失。
ZH_HYP: 在停用期间,用户以前在icloud的的数据和信息仍将在icloud中保持,不会丢失。

EN: If users wish to use iCloud services after February 28 after deactivation, they must first accept the new terms and conditions to ensure that their accounts are reactivated and transferred to Guizhou-Cloud.
ZH_REF: 如果停用后用户希望在2月28日后使用iCloud服务，则需要先接受新的条款和条件，以确保账户被重新激活并迁至云上贵州。
ZH_HYP: 如果用户希望在二月二十八后使用icloud服务,他们必须先接受新的条款和条件,以确保其账户重新启用,并转至贵州云。

EN: Meanwhile, Apple emphasized in its statement that, “Apple has a strong data privacy and security mechanism and will not create a backdoor in any of our systems.”
ZH_REF: 同时，苹果公司在声明中也强调，“Apple拥有强大的数据隐私和安全保护机制，并且不会在我们的任何系统中创建后门。”
ZH_HYP: 与此同时,苹果在声明中强调,“苹果拥有强大的数据隐私和安全机制,在我们任何系统中都不会产生一个。

EN: iCloud’s main data center at Gui-An New Area will be the first data center Apple has set up in China. On completion, it will be used to store the data of Apple users in China.
ZH_REF: iCloud贵安新区主数据中心也将是是苹果公司在中国设立的第一个数据中心项目，项目落成后，将用于存储中国苹果用户的数据。
ZH_HYP: icloud的主要数据中心将是中国的第一个数据中心,在中国,将将将苹果用户的数据存储在中国。

EN: When completed and commissioned, Chinese users will be able upload and download data without having to undergo long-distance transmission between China and the US. Speed will be enhanced and delays reduced.
ZH_REF: 建成和投入使用时候，中国用户在上传和下载数据，就无需在跨越中美之间的长距离来回传输，提高速度，减少延迟。
ZH_HYP: 中国用户在完成和委托后,将能够上传和下载数据,而不需要在中国和美国之间进行长途传输。

EN: Prior to joining Twitter in 2011, Messinger was Vice President of development at Oracle.
ZH_REF: 在2011年加入Twitter之前，梅辛格曾担任甲骨文的开发副总裁。
ZH_HYP: 在2011年加入twitter之前,,格格是副总统。

EN: The company is stepping up production of its first long-distance electric vehicle Model 3 targeted at the mass market, and plans to launch it by the end of 2017.
ZH_REF: 该公司正在加紧生产首款面向大众市场的长距离电动车Model 3，并计划在2017年底推出。
ZH_HYP: 该公司正加紧生产其首个电动汽车模式3,并计划在2017年底前推出该电动汽车。

EN: Director Zou Yi revealed that he and his creative team traveled to Wudang Mountains to conduct research for the film prior to its creation.
ZH_REF: 导演邹燚透露，在影片创作前期，他曾与主创团队前往武当山采风。
ZH_HYP: 导演邹易透露,他和他的创作团队在在创下电影。

EN: In addition to Wudang Mountains, the place of origin of Toaist culture, Hubei Province is also closely connected with the chime - a traditional musical instrument with long history in China.
ZH_REF: 除了作为道家文化发源地的武当山，湖北还与中国历史悠久的传统乐器——编钟有着很深的渊源。
ZH_HYP: 除了武士山,,华北省还与中国悠久的传统乐器有着悠久的传统乐器。

EN: In a recent international conference, experts forecast that robots with AI will enter people's bedrooms in 25 years, and provide various services for humans.
ZH_REF: 在近期召开的一次国际会议上，专家预计，在25年内具备人工智能的机器人将走进人们的卧室，为人类提供各种服务。
ZH_HYP: 在最近的一次国际会议上,专家们预测人工智能的机器人将在25年中进入人们的卧室,并为人类提供各种服务。

EN: Through research, scientists have discovered that one of the most significant characteristics of memory is its inaccuracy.
ZH_REF: 通过研究，科学家们发现记忆有一个最大的特点，就是其不准确性。
ZH_HYP: 通过研究,科学家发现,记忆最重要的特点之一是它的不准确。

EN: Written in 1934, “Thunderstorm” is Cao Yu’s first work, and the sophisticated hallmark of modern Chinese play. It is also the most translated Chinese play.
ZH_REF: 创作于1934年的《雷雨》是曹禺的第一部作品，是中国现代话剧成熟的标志，也是被翻译成各国语言文字最多的中国话剧。
ZH_HYP: “雷雨”是1934年,是中国现代的的作品,也是中国中国的最的的。

EN: Nostalgia Goes Niche in "Wet Hot American Summer" and "Comrade Detective"
ZH_REF: 怀旧感染力风靡市场——《哈啦夏令营》和《侦探双雄》
ZH_HYP: 怀旧的“炎热美国夏天”和“侦探”

EN: As a cultural artifact, it's both a sendup and embodiment of our Facebook-enabled era of permanent reminiscence.
ZH_REF: 作为一种文化艺术品，它是我们脸书时代永久回忆的模仿和体现。
ZH_HYP: 作为一种文化艺术品,它既是我们的facebook-----长期回忆的时代的

EN: But as a franchise, it feels like it's running out of time.
ZH_REF: 但作为一个系列，这感觉就像时间不够用了。
ZH_HYP: 但作为一个特许,它感觉好像已经不了。

EN: "First Day of Camp" worked surprisingly well, not just because of its absurdist humor (it included an origin story for a talking can of vegetables, voiced by H. Jon Benjamin).
ZH_REF: 《营地第一天》播出后反响强烈，但这不仅仅因为它的荒诞幽默（剧情是关于一只会说话的蔬菜罐头的原创故事，由 H·乔恩·本杰明配音）。
ZH_HYP: “第一天的第一天”令人吃惊,这不仅仅是因为它荒谬的幽默(包括一个由h.jonjamin)表达的的。

EN: By doubling down on the core gag - middle-age actors playing horny kids coming of age - it made the impossibility of recapturing the past part of the joke.
ZH_REF: 剧情中加倍运用核心笑梗 - 中年演员扮演正值捣蛋年纪的孩子 - 这使得无法重新回到过去也成为了搞笑的一部分。
ZH_HYP: 通过对核心的中年演员的的的,,他们就不可能重新过去的玩笑。

EN: "Ten Years Later," with its adults now playing adults, is less emotionally rooted and its parody more scattershot, including a riff on '90s stalker flicks like "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle."
ZH_REF: 《十年后》中，成年人实实在在的扮演成年人，情绪便没有太根深蒂固，模仿也更加散漫，其中包括对 90 年代跟踪电影的即兴创作，如《推动摇篮的手》。
ZH_HYP: 十年后,“现在,”成人成年人玩成人,感情上的根,,更多的人,包括90年代的的的摇摆的摇摆的“摇篮的手”。

EN: At one point a character rummages through an Apple Powerbook, some in-line skates and "a bunch of other things from 1991."
ZH_REF: 某个时刻，一个角色陷于一台苹果笔记本、一些直线溜冰鞋和“一些 1991 年的其他东西”当中。
ZH_HYP: 一个人的一个人物传言,从1991年起,一些在线溜冰,“还有一些其他的东西。

EN: Many of the core stories are the same.
ZH_REF: 许多核心故事都是一样的。
ZH_HYP: 许多核心故事都是一样的。

EN: Sweet-hearted Coop (Mr. Showalter), now a novelist, still hasn't gotten over Katie (Marguerite Moreau).
ZH_REF: 甜心先生（修华特先生饰）现在已经成为了小说家，但他仍然没有忘记凯蒂（玛格丽特·莫罗饰）。
ZH_HYP: 甜心的的小屋(秀特先生),现在还没有没有没有没有。

EN: Victor (Ken Marino) still hasn't lost his virginity.
ZH_REF: 维克多（肯·马里诺饰）仍然保有处男之身。
ZH_HYP: 维克多(肯)仍然没有失去童贞。

EN: And there's another battily villainous plot involving Ronald Reagan (also Mr. Showalter), now abetted by George H. W. Bush (a well-inhabited impression by Michael Ian Black).
ZH_REF: 剧中还有另一个涉及罗纳德·里根（也是由修华特先生扮演）的险恶阴谋，由乔治·H·W·布什（迈克尔·伊恩·布莱克饰，给人留下深刻印象）唆使。
ZH_HYP: 还有一个有另一个恶棍的阴谋,涉及罗纳德·里根(也是秀特),现在被乔治····布什((迈克尔·伊恩的一个好人)。

EN: As always, the best part of the franchise is the digressions.
ZH_REF: 一如既往，这一系列最好的部分是插话。
ZH_HYP: 像往常一样,那是的最好的部分。

EN: It's especially fun to see the forever-young Mr. Rudd, sporting Matt Dillon's soul patch from "Singles," whose former big-man-on-camp Andy now feels like a geezer.
ZH_REF: 看到这位永远年轻的路德先生尤其有趣，他在电影《单身贵族》中炫耀了马特·狄龙的灵魂补丁，之前的《校园巨人》中的安迪现在感觉就像一个巨人。
ZH_HYP: 看到这位年轻的鲁德先生,他的“单曲”,他的前大人物,现在的大的安克德,现在就像个怪人。

EN: "Comrade Detective" on Amazon, meanwhile, appeals to a different brand of nostalgia: the Cold War revivalism of "The Americans," the film "Atomic Blonde" and even "GLOW," with its East versus West wrestling iconography.
ZH_REF: 与此同时，亚马逊的《侦探双雄》诉说了不同的怀旧内容：冷战复兴主义的《美国谍梦》，电影《极寒之城》，甚至是东西方摔跤意象的《GLOW：华丽女子摔跤联盟》。
ZH_HYP: 同时,亚马逊的志志的志呼吁一种不同的怀旧品牌:“美国人,电影“原子金发”,甚至“闪电”,甚至“东方的”,甚至是东方的摔

EN: It's a brilliant idea.
ZH_REF: 这是一个绝妙的主意。
ZH_HYP: 这是个好主意。

EN: But it's not much more than an idea.
ZH_REF: 但这不仅仅是一个想法。
ZH_HYP: 但这并不是一个想法。

EN: There are some fine sight gags (the police pass the time watching chess on TV as Americans might football).
ZH_REF: 其中有一些很好的视觉噱头（警察看电视里下象棋打发时间，因为美国人喜欢踢足球）。
ZH_HYP: 有一些美观的(警察通过美国人可以在电视上观看下棋)。

EN: And the roster of famous voice-over actors - among them Jenny Slate, Nick Offerman, Mahershala Ali and Chloë Sevigny - makes for a decent game of spot-the-voice.
ZH_REF: 而且有众多名人配音演员 - 其中包括珍妮·斯蕾特、尼克·奥弗曼、马赫莎拉哈什巴兹·阿里和科洛·塞维尼 - 打造了一场精彩的声音盛会。
ZH_HYP: 而著名的演员的名字——其中包括珍妮·斯莱特,尼克·斯拉曼,马赫马拉·阿里和克洛伊·塞维尼——为一个的的的的游戏。

EN: But "Comrade Detective" is so committed to the verisimilitude of a hamfisted propaganda drama - a killer wearing a Reagan mask is involved - that it often plays like one.
ZH_REF: 但是，《侦探双雄》如此致力于打造一部喧嚣逼真的宣传喜剧 - 剧中有一名头戴里根面具的杀手 - 而它通常也扮演这样的角色。
ZH_HYP: 但“侦探同志”如此坚定地致力于了一场火的宣传剧的——一个戴着里根面具的杀手——它经常会像一个一样。

EN: At six long episodes, it drags, and the comedy isn't fast or frequent enough.
ZH_REF: 这部六集长的电视稍显拖拉，且喜剧效果释放的不够快速或频繁。
ZH_HYP: 在66个长篇的剧集,它的喜剧也不快。

EN: Edited to a tighter length, "Comrade Detective" might deliver better on its agitprop satire, as when Gregor and Iosef repeatedly visit the American Embassy, whose lobby is always occupied by two fat men wolfing down a pile of hamburgers.
ZH_REF: 《侦探双雄》片长编辑地更为严格，在格雷戈尔和艾瑟夫反复访问美国大使馆时，呈现出了更好的煽动讽刺效果，因为大使馆的大堂里总是有两个胖子狼吞虎咽掉一堆汉堡。
ZH_HYP: “侦探”的长短,,“侦探”的“也许会在它的的,因为格雷格和iosf)的美国大使馆经常被两个胖的人的。

EN: The message, for the imagined communist audience, is that Western culture can turn anything into fodder to binge.
ZH_REF: 对于想象中的共产主义观众来说，这个信息意味着西方文化可以把任何东西变成素材来狂欢。
ZH_HYP: 对于想象的的共产主义听众来说,信息是西方文化可以把任何东西变成成饲料。

EN: The fictional Romanian creators were not wrong: We even do it with our own recent history, and theirs.
ZH_REF: 这一罗马尼亚题材虚构故事的创作者并没有错，我们甚至也会用自己近代的历史和他们的历史来讲故事。
ZH_HYP: 虚构的罗马尼亚人的创作者并不对我们的历史和他们的

EN: Reporters learned from recent interviews that the performance of the steel, rail transport, shipping vessel, machinery manufacture and other industries has fallen in general; some have even incurred losses.
ZH_REF: 记者近日采访了解到，东北地区钢铁、轨道交通、船舶、机械制造等行业效益普遍下滑，甚至出现亏损。
ZH_HYP: 记者从最近的采访中得知,钢、铁路运输、航运船、机械制造和其他行业的业绩总体下降,有些甚至发生了损失。

EN: Traditional industries saw a general decline in performance, and even incurred losses. The raw material industry, and the heavy machinery and equipment manufacturing sector saw performance decline significantly, and even incurred losses. These were the first signs from the industries in Northeast China amid the current sluggish economy.
ZH_REF: 企业效益普遍下滑传统行业更现亏损原材料工业和重型机械设备制造业效益严重下滑甚至出现亏损，是本轮经济低迷中东北工业的首要表现。
ZH_HYP: 传统产业和重型机械和设备的制造业部门,在当前的缓慢,工业和重型机械和设备的制造业部门都表现下降,甚至出现了损失。

EN: When the economy decelerated in the past, low-end and primary commodities were the most significantly affected. In the current economic fluctuation however, both high- and low-end industrial products of Northeast China’s traditional industries were affected.
ZH_REF: 以往在经济下行中，主要是低端、初级产品受冲击大的特点，但此次经济波动中，东北传统工业高端、低端工业产品都受到影响。
ZH_HYP: 在经济的经济经济中,低端和初级商品受到影响最大,在当前的经济波动中,东北传统工业的高端产业产品受到影响。

EN: Angang Steel Company (Hao Qingshun, Director of the Metallurgical Department of Liaoning Provincial Industry and Informatization Commission, said that metallurgy was the third largest pillar industry in Liaoning, with annual steel production capacity of 60 million tonnes, ranked third nationwide.
ZH_REF: 鞍钢股份(辽宁省工信委冶金处处长郝庆顺介绍说，冶金是辽宁的第三大支柱产业，年产6000万吨的钢铁产能排在全国第三位。
ZH_HYP: 钢钢钢公司(辽宁省工业和信息化委员会冶金山市,冶金是辽宁第三大支柱产业,年产量为6000万吨,全国第三位

EN: In sharp contrast to being diligent and responsible on reaching adulthood, Daniel Wu was a very mischievous child, even rebellious.
ZH_REF: 和成年后的努力、有担当形成鲜明反差的是，童年时期的吴彦祖很调皮，甚至可以说是叛逆。
ZH_HYP: 与勤奋的人,,在成年时,丹尼尔·吴是个非常恶心的孩子,甚至是叛逆的。

EN: Yang Yang said that he had to rouse all his emotions to convey the character’s hidden sadness to the audience. “This was certainly a new challenge for me as an actor. While acting this character, I was so emotionally suppressed that I almost suffered internal injury”.
ZH_REF: 杨洋表示需要调动起全身的情绪，来将角色隐忍的悲伤传递给观众，“这对我的表演是一个新的挑战，在演戏过程中我真的是快要憋到内伤”。
ZH_HYP: 杨杨说,他必须唤起所有的感情,让观众的性格的人的情感,“这对我来说是一个新的挑战,在演绵时,我就受到了内心的压制。

EN: Liu Yifei, meanwhile, revealed that while acting her character in the movie, she cried so much that she collapsed at one point.
ZH_REF: 刘亦菲则透露，在演这部电影时自己简直“哭惨了”，一度哭到崩溃。
ZH_HYP: 刘yiyi,在她在电影中演戏时,她哭得哭得多,以致她在了。

EN: The Japanese Olympic Committee recently said that the Japanese delegation was targeted at 30 gold medals at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and making Japan into the Top Three.
ZH_REF: 日本奥委会近日表示，日本代表团在2020年东京奥运会的金牌目标是30枚，并挺进金牌榜前三位。
ZH_HYP: 日本奥运委员会最近表示,日本代表团在2020年东京奥运会上的30枚金牌,并使日本成为前三大。

EN: In October last year, Chairman Yamashita Tasuhiro of the Athletes Commission of Japanese Olympic Committee expressed his expectation that the Japanese athletes can win 2.5 times more gold medals at the Tokyo Olympics than at the Rio Olympics.
ZH_REF: 去年10月，日本奥委会运动委员会主席山下泰裕就表示，期待日本健儿在东京奥运会上的金牌总数是里约奥运会的2.5倍。
ZH_HYP: 去年10月,日本委会运动员委员会的tasashitatasuhiro主席表示,日本运动员在东京奥运会上获得的金牌要比里约奥运会多2.5倍。

EN: At the 2016 Rio Olympics, Japanese delegation ranked 6th in the Gold List with 12 gold medals.
ZH_REF: 在2016年里约奥运会上，日本代表团以12金位列金牌榜第六位。
ZH_HYP: 在2016年里的里,日本代表团排名第12枚金牌。

EN: The representatives formed their own groupings, and walked to the venue holding umbrellas.
ZH_REF: 代表们自己组队，撑着伞，陆续步入会场。
ZH_HYP: 代表们组成了自己的团体,走到了伞上。

EN: Traffic on the roads surrounding the venue remained normal. There were no balloons or slogans at the venue, nor a red carpet; displays of plants and fresh flowers were absent as well.
ZH_REF: 会场周围的道路正常通行，会场外没有气球标语，没有红地毯，没有摆放植物和鲜花。
ZH_HYP: 在场地周围的道路上,交通正常,没有没有球或口号,也没有红地毯;植物和鲜花也没有。

EN: Yesterday, the second session of the fourth People’s Congress of Guang’an City convened without much ado.
ZH_REF: 昨日，广安市四届人大第二次会议简朴召开。
ZH_HYP: 昨天,第四届第四届第四届会议没有召开,没有多多多。

EN: On entering GuangAn International Convention and Exhibition Center, slogans were absent from the venue, and there were no tea cups; not even a bottle of mineral water was present.
ZH_REF: 走进广安会展中心，会场没有标语，没有茶杯，甚至连一瓶普通的矿泉水都没有。
ZH_HYP: 在进入广安国际公约和展览中心,没有茶杯,没有茶杯。

EN: Instead, there a simple banner, a meeting place, a simple recyclable paper document bag containing materials for the meeting and a recyclable paper cup for tea or water.
ZH_REF: 取而代之的是一个简单的横幅，一个开会的位置，一个装会议材料的简易环保纸质文件袋，一个环保纸杯盛装的茶水。
ZH_HYP: 相反,有一个简单的旗帜,一个会议场所,一个简单的可收回的纸袋,为茶或水的循环的纸杯。

EN: The meeting materials were less dense than that of the past. A few pieces of paper summarized the theme and the agenda of the meeting.
ZH_REF: 会议材料相对于以前薄了一些，几张纸就把会议的主题和议程概括完了。
ZH_HYP: 会议的的主题和议程,一些几份论文总结了会议的主题和议程。

EN: Experts pointed out that both inflationary and deflationary pressures have eased at this time. This was undoubtedly good news for the financial and economic structural transformation stage.
ZH_REF: 专家指出，当前通胀、通缩压力均有所减缓，这对财经转型期而言无疑是个好消息。
ZH_HYP: 专家指出,通胀和通缩压力都缓解了,这无疑是金融和经济结构转型阶段的好消息。

EN: A total of 22 models of electric vehicles are sold at all major car dealers in California, but the selection in other states is a lot more limited. The second placed state only has 14 models while six states do not have any electric vehicles on sale.
ZH_REF: 加州的各大汽车经销商共有22款电动汽车在售，但其他州的选择少得多，位居第二的州只有14款车型，甚至有6个州没有任何电动汽车销售。
ZH_HYP: 加利福尼亚州所有主要汽车经销商共出售22辆电动汽车,但其他国家的选择比较有限,第二种国家只有14个型号,而6个国家没有任何电动汽车。

EN: Bank of England to keep interest rates at 0.25%
ZH_REF: 英格兰银行将维持 0.25% 的利率
ZH_HYP: 英格兰银行将利率保持在0.25%

EN: The Bank of England is expected to announce later that interest rates will remain unchanged after lacklustre economic growth and easing inflation dampened speculation over a hike.
ZH_REF: 英格兰银行将在晚些时候宣布利率将保持不变，此前疲软的经济增长和宽松的通货膨胀就已让上调希望破灭。
ZH_HYP: 英格兰银行预计将宣布,在经济增长和通货膨胀加剧后,利率将保持不变。

EN: The Bank of England has warned economic growth will remain "sluggish" as it kept interest rates on hold amid a tightening squeeze on family incomes.
ZH_REF: 英格兰银行发出警告，因为其在加强家庭收入紧缩的同时控制利率，经济增长将继续呈“疲软”之势。
ZH_HYP: 英格兰银行警告称,在收紧家庭收入紧缩的情况下,英格兰银行警告警告经济增长将保持在“缓慢”。

EN: Policymakers on the Bank's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) voted 6-2 to keep rates at 0.25%, with fewer members this month calling for a rise as lacklustre economic growth has weakened support for a hike.
ZH_REF: 该行货币政策委员会 (MPC) 的决策者以 6-2 的投票决定维持 0.25% 的利率，而本月少数成员呼吁提高利率，即使疲软的经济增长已经减弱了上调的助力。
ZH_HYP: 该行货币政策委员会的政策委员会(mpc)的决策者们6-2,以保持利率保持在0.25%,而本月的成员人数则是由于经济增长缺乏支持而削弱了对

EN: In its quarterly inflation report, the Bank cut its forecasts for growth to 1.7% in 2017 and 1.6% in 2018 and cautioned the squeeze on household incomes would continue, with inflation still expected to surge close to 3% in the autumn.
ZH_REF: 在其季度通货膨胀报告中，英格兰银行将 2017 年和 2018 年的增长预测分别缩至 1.7% 和 1.6%，并发出警告称家庭收入紧缩将会持续，同时通货膨胀将于秋季暴涨至近 3%。
ZH_HYP: 在季度通胀报告中,该行将2017年的增长预测下调至1.7%和2018年的1.6%,并警告了在今年秋季通胀率将上升

EN: But it signalled rate hikes will be needed over the next few years to rein in Brexit-fuelled inflation and said borrowing costs may need to rise by more than expected in financial markets.
ZH_REF: 但其表示在接下来的几年中，将需要上调利率以遏制脱欧带来的通货膨胀，同时借款费用可能需要以金融市场中期望的更大幅度上调。
ZH_HYP: 但在未来几年内,将需要将在退欧的通胀,并表示借贷成本可能需要增加。

EN: Members also voted to withdraw part of the mammoth economy-boosting package unleashed a year ago in the aftermath of Brexit.
ZH_REF: 一年前受脱欧影响而实施了大规模的经济促进政策，各成员也投票决定将其撤回。
ZH_HYP: 成员们还投票退出一年前在英国退欧后的的经济经济。

EN: It will call time on the Term Funding Scheme to offer cheap-finance to banks from next February, although it said it was now expected to offer £15 billion more under the scheme - at £115 billion.
ZH_REF: 英格兰银行将宣布定期融资计划告停，从明年 2 月份开始为各银行提供廉价资金，虽然该银行称根据该计划，该行目前需要在 1150 亿英镑的基础上再追加 150 亿英镑。
ZH_HYP: 它将在2月份向银行提供廉价融资的时间,但表示,目前预计该计划将在1150亿英镑,——在1150亿英镑。

EN: In minutes of the rates decision, the Bank said: "In the MPC's central forecast, gross domestic product (GDP) remains sluggish in the near-term as the squeeze on households' real incomes continues to weigh on consumption."
ZH_REF: 在利率决策会议记录中，英格兰银行称：“在 MPC 的核心预测中，国内生产总值 (GDP) 在近期依然呈疲软之势，因为家庭实际收入紧缩将继续压制消费。”
ZH_HYP: 在利率决定的几分钟,,该银行表示:“在mpc的核心预测中,国内生产总值(gdp)继续缓慢,因为家庭的实际收入继续对消费造成影响。

EN: On rates, it reiterated that "some tightening of monetary policy" would be needed to cool inflation and by a "somewhat greater" extent than markets expect.
ZH_REF: 关于利率，该行反复重申需要“一定的货币政策紧缩”来镇压通货膨胀，而且需要以比市场期望的“更大的程度”。
ZH_HYP: 在利率上,它重申,"需要紧缩货币政策",要在某种程度程度上比市场预期的。

EN: Markets are currently forecasting the first rise in the third quarter of next year and another in 2020.
ZH_REF: 目前市场预计在明年第三季度实现第一次增长，在 2020 年实现第二次。
ZH_HYP: 市场目前正在预测明年第三季度的第一,另一个是在2020年。

EN: But the Bank stressed that any hikes would be "gradual" and "limited."
ZH_REF: 但是该行强调，任何上调都会是“缓慢”而“克制”的。
ZH_HYP: 但银行强调,任何徒步都会“渐进””。

EN: The Bank's downgraded growth forecasts for this year and next compare with the 1.9% and 1.7% predicted in May.
ZH_REF: 该行今年和明年的增长预测呈下降趋势，而五月份的预测为 1.9% 和 1.7%。
ZH_HYP: 今年行今年下调的今年的降幅预测,与今年5月份的1.7%和1.7%的预测。

EN: It maintained its forecast for growth of 1.8% in 2018.
ZH_REF: 该行维持 2018 年增长 1.8% 的预测。
ZH_HYP: 它在2018年保持了1.8%的增长。

EN: Sterling fell against the dollar and the euro following the news.
ZH_REF: 英镑对美元汇率下降，欧元也紧随其后。
ZH_HYP: 消息消息后,美元和欧元.

EN: The pound was 0.5% down at 1.31 US dollars and fell 0.4% to 1.11 euros.
ZH_REF: 英镑对美元汇率下跌 0.5%，达到 1.31，对欧元则下跌 0.4%，达到 1.11。
ZH_HYP: 英镑的1.31美元,跌幅为0.4%,跌幅0.4%。

EN: The no-change decision comes after recent disappointing growth figures have dampened mounting expectations of a hike, with GDP edging up to 0.3% in the second quarter from 0.2% in the previous three months.
ZH_REF: 该保持不变的决策出现之前，愈演愈烈的上调期望因最近不容乐观的增长数据而破灭。第二季度 GDP 增至 0.3%，而前三个月只有 0.2%。
ZH_HYP: 最近的令人失望的增长数字已经抑制了对徒步的预期,而在第二季度gdp的0.3%,gdp在第二季度的0.2%。

EN: Growth is likely to remain at 0.3% in the third quarter, although it will start to pick up slightly at the end of the year, according to the Bank.
ZH_REF: 该行称第三季度的增长可能保持在 0.3%，虽然年底将会小幅上升。
ZH_HYP: 据该行表示,虽然今年第三季度的增长将略有增长,但仍可能保持在第三季度的增长。

EN: Its latest inflation report offered little cheer for households being hit by soaring inflation and paltry pay rises as it said the squeeze will get worse before it gets better.
ZH_REF: 普通家庭受到通货膨胀暴涨的冲击，而工资增长又微不足道，英格兰银行最近的通货膨胀报告并没有为他们带来喜讯，因为该行称紧缩在变好之前还会变得更坏，
ZH_HYP: 它的最新通胀报告对家庭的通胀率和微不足道的工资增长的冲击,这就说,在挤压在好转之前,会变得更糟。

EN: It added that monetary policy "cannot prevent" the hit to incomes over the next few years, but expects wages will recover "significantly" towards the end of its three-year forecast.
ZH_REF: 并称货币政策“不能防止”接下来几年中对收入的打击，但是工资有望在三年预测结束时“大规模”恢复。
ZH_HYP: 它补充说,货币政策"不能阻止"在未来几年中打击收入的,但预计工资将在三年预测的结束时"显著"。

EN: The economy is also set for a boost from surging demand for British goods thanks to the weak pound, which will offset some of the lower consumer spending.
ZH_REF: 同时，因为英镑贬值，对英国商品的需求大幅增长，经济将会受到刺激，抵消部分低消费的影响。
ZH_HYP: 由于疲软的英镑,经济也将为英国商品的激增,这将抵消了一些消费者支出的一些。

EN: The decision comes a year after rates were cut to 0.25% last August following the shock EU referendum vote, which sent the pound slumping.
ZH_REF: 该决策制定之前一年，令人震惊的欧盟全民公投让英镑暴跌，八月份利率下调至 0.25%。
ZH_HYP: 该决定于去年8月的,之后,去年8月的汇率下调至0.25%。

EN: The Bank estimates it will likely take four years to fully feed through to prices and the economy.
ZH_REF: 英格兰银行估计其可能需要四年时间才能完全对物价和英国经济产生影响。
ZH_HYP: 银行估计,通过价格和经济,需要需要4年时间才能完全靠拙。

EN: Prior to the Bank's latest rates verdict, there had been growing clamour for a rate rise as inflation ramped up pressure on hard-pressed households, with three policymakers calling for an increase to 0.5% in July.
ZH_REF: 在该行公布其最新利率裁定之前，利率上调的呼声就不绝于耳，因为通货膨胀令早已倍感压力的普通家庭雪上加霜，同时三位决策者呼吁 7 月份将利率上调至 0.5%。
ZH_HYP: 在银行最新的利率之前,随着通胀压力压力的家庭压力,3名决策者要求将在7月份的0.5%。

EN: Inflation eased back to 2.6% last month from 2.9% in June, although the Bank said this was expected and will pick up once again over the coming months.
ZH_REF: 上个月通货膨胀从 6 月份的 2.9% 退至 2.6%，虽然英格兰银行称这在预料之中，且在接下来的几个月中将再次上升。
ZH_HYP: 尽管该行表示,预计将在月的2.6%回升至2.6%,不过该行表示,预期将在未来几个月内再次接。

EN: The Bank said the overshoot relative to its 2% target was "entirely" down to the weak pound.
ZH_REF: 该行称相对其 2% 的目标，超过的部分已经完全是疲软的英镑最后的底线了。
ZH_HYP: 该行表示,相对于其2%的目标的超额是“完全”。

EN: Andrew Montlake, director at Coreco Mortgage Brokers, said: "Given the recent fall in swap rates, the mortgage market looks set to become ever more competitive once more as lenders clamour for business and look to end the year in positive fashion.
ZH_REF: Coreco Mortgage Brokers 的董事安德鲁·蒙特雷克称：“鉴于掉期利率近期下跌，抵押贷款市场似乎将再次变得更具竞争力，因为贷款方强烈呼吁更多业务，并期待以积极态势为今年划下完美句号。
ZH_HYP: 科科(celcohadlakers)表示:“鉴于最近的掉期利率下降,抵押贷款市场将变得越来越大,而贷款市场看起来越来越大,而将以积极的方式结束年底

EN: The market looks particularly good for those who may be coming to the end of their existing deals as re-mortgages, many with fee-free options as well as low rates, become ever more popular."
ZH_REF: 对那些可能快要结束现有交易的人来说，这样的市场看起来特别有利，因为再抵押（很多都可以免手续费而且利率低）越来越受欢迎。
ZH_HYP: 市场对那些可能会重新抵押贷款的人来说,市场看起来特别好,因为他们的选择是免费的,也是低率,也越来越受欢迎。

EN: NHS to prescribe controversial HIV drug to 10,000
ZH_REF: 英国国家医疗服务体系 (NHS) 富有争议的艾滋病毒药物大开绿灯
ZH_HYP: nhs开具争议性的艾滋病毒药物

EN: Patients will be able to access a 'transformative' HIV prevention treatment from September following a High Court battle over funding the drug on the NHS.
ZH_REF: 在高等法院就 NHS 提供药物资助之事尘埃落定之后，患者将能够从 9 月开始获得“变革性” HIV 预防治疗。
ZH_HYP: 在高等法院对资助药物的的资助后,病人将能够从9月开始接受“变革性”的预防治疗。

EN: It agreed to fund the trial after the Court of Appeal upheld a High Court ruling last year, which said the NHS had the power to pay for PrEP despite its claims that local authorities should fund it.
ZH_REF: 它同意在上诉法院去年支持高等法院裁决后为试验提供资金。该裁决表示，尽管 NHS 声称地方当局应该为这种药物提供资金，但 NHS 有权支付 PrEP 的费用。
ZH_HYP: 它同意在上诉法院去年维持高等法院的裁决之后,同意资助审判,这表示,尽管国家hs有权支付,但它有权为审判提供资金。

EN: The move announced on Thursday was hailed as a 'major new intervention' by NHS England chief executive Simon Stevens while the National Aids Trust (NAT) described it as a 'pivotal moment'.
ZH_REF: 周四宣布的举动被英国NHS首席执行官西蒙史蒂文斯 (Simon Stevens) 称为一次“重大的新干预”，而国家艾滋病信托基金会 (NAT) 则将其形容为“关键时刻”。
ZH_HYP: 英国国家艾滋病(nhs)将其称为“关键时机”,英国国家艾滋病信托(nat)将此描述为“关键时刻”。

EN: Sexual health clinics in London, Brighton, Manchester, Liverpool and Sheffield will be among the first to start enrolling people, with more clinics joining in October before full implementation across England by April 2018.
ZH_REF: 伦敦、布赖顿、曼彻斯特、利物浦和谢菲尔德等地的性健康诊所将成为首批人员登记的性健康诊所。在10月份将会有更多的诊所加入，之后在 2018 年 4 月在英格兰范围进行全面实施。
ZH_HYP: 在伦敦、布顿、曼彻斯特、利物浦和谢菲尔德的性健康诊所将成为首批人开始开始,,2018年4月之前全面全面执行。

EN: Pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) is a course of HIV drugs taken before sex to reduce the risk of getting HIV.
ZH_REF: 暴露前预防用药 (PrEP) 是一种在性行为之前服用、以降低感染艾滋病毒风险的艾滋病病毒药物。
ZH_HYP: 前前预防预防(前预防)是艾滋病毒药物的的的过程。

EN: Trials have shown PrEP significantly reduces HIV transmission among those at-risk of infection.
ZH_REF: 试验显示，PrEP 可显著降低感染风险人群的艾滋病毒传播。
ZH_HYP: 试验表明,在感染感染风险中,艾滋病毒的传播。

EN: Taking PrEP before sex means there is just enough of certain drugs in a person's body to prevent an HIV infection taking hold.
ZH_REF: 在性行为之前服用 PrEP 意味着人体内有足够的特定药物来预防 HIV 感染。
ZH_HYP: 在性前服用前,某些药物就有足够的药物来防止感染艾滋病毒。

EN: Such drugs can be taken every day or as soon as two hours before having sex.
ZH_REF: 这种药物可以每天或在性交前两小时服用。
ZH_HYP: 这种药物可以每天或在小时小时小时。

EN: Those eligible for the treatment include gay or bisexual men, transgender people and those with HIV-positive partners who are not successfully receiving treatment.
ZH_REF: 那些有资格接受治疗的人群包括同性恋、双性恋男性、跨性别人士以及未成功接受治疗的阳性HIV携带者。
ZH_HYP: 有资格获得治疗的人包括男同性恋或双性恋者、变性者和那些没有成功接受治疗的人。

EN: Clinics will identify eligible participants who consent to the trial, including men, women, transgender people, and individuals who have a partner whose HIV status is not known to be controlled by anti-retroviral treatment.
ZH_REF: 诊所将确定符合条件、且同意试验的参与者，包括男性、女性、跨性别人士以及其性伴侣HIV感染状态是否接受抗逆转录病毒治疗未知的人员。
ZH_HYP: 诊所将确定有符合条件的参与者,包括男子、妇女、变性人和有艾滋病毒抗逆转录病毒治疗控制的伴侣。

EN: People living and registered with a GP in England will also be able to enrol for potential participation at their local participating sexual health clinic.
ZH_REF: 在英格兰居住并注册全科医生的人员也可以在他们当地参加的性健康诊所报名参加。
ZH_HYP: 在英格兰,有一个全球卫生中心的人也将能够参加其当地参与的性健康诊所。

EN: The programme will cost £10 million and NHS England signed a contract to source the drugs this week following an international competitive procurement.
ZH_REF: 该计划将花费 1000 万英镑，而NHS英格兰分支机构签署了一份合同，在进行国际竞争性采购后于本周采购这些药物。
ZH_HYP: 该方案将花费1000万英镑,英国国民健康服务公司签署了一份合同,以该药物。

EN: The trial is designed to assess the full potential of PrEP by gathering clinical evidence on how it is targeted, taken up, and implemented on a large scale.
ZH_REF: 该试验旨在通过在大样本基础上，收集有关对其如何定位、吸收和实施的临床证据来评估 PrEP 的全部潜力。
ZH_HYP: 审判的目的是通过收集关于如何目标、采取、并大规模实施的临床证据。

EN: Mr Stevens said: 'This major new intervention should complement and supercharge the wide-ranging and increasingly successful effort to prevent HIV.
ZH_REF: 史蒂文斯先生说：“这项重大的新干预措施应该对预防艾滋病毒起到广泛的和越来越成功的补充和强化作用。
ZH_HYP: 史蒂文斯说:“这一重大的新干预措施应该补充和补充防止艾滋病毒的努力。

EN: It's another milestone in more than three decades' worth of progress in tackling one of humanity's major health challenges.'
ZH_REF: 这是 30 多年来值得在解决人类主要健康挑战中取得进步的行动的又一个里程碑。”
ZH_HYP: 这是是三十年来人类人类健康挑战之一的另一个里程碑。

EN: Deborah Gold, chief executive at NAT (National Aids Trust), said: 'This is a pivotal moment in the fight against HIV.
ZH_REF: 英国艾滋病信托基金 (NAT) 首席执行官狄波拉?金表示：“这是抗击艾滋病的关键时刻。
ZH_HYP: nat(nat)(nat(nat)首席执行官deborahgold)说:“这是防治艾滋病毒的关键时刻。

EN: PrEP, if targeted properly at those in need and at risk, offers the possibility of transforming the English HIV epidemic.
ZH_REF: 如果其确实针对有需要和处于危险的人群，那么暴露前预防用药则为改变英国艾滋病流行提供了可能性。
ZH_HYP: 如果有需要的人,有可能有风险的人,就可以提供了可能改变英语的流行。

EN: From September, people at high risk of HIV will have access via this NHS-funded trial in England to an empowering new tool that is truly individually controlled and not subject to negotiation with a partner, leading to the improvement of many, many lives.
ZH_REF: 从 9 月份开始，艾滋病毒高危人群将通过 NHS 资助的、在英格兰开展的这项试验，获得一种准许的新工具，这种工具是真正可单独实施，无需与性伙伴协商，这将会为许许多多人的生活带来改善。
ZH_HYP: 从9月起,艾滋病毒高危人群将通过英国国家保健服务资助的审判,使其真正得到真正的控制,而不是与一个伙伴谈判,从而改善许多人的生活。

EN: We warmly welcome this announcement.'
ZH_REF: 我们对这个公告双手赞成。”
ZH_HYP: 我们热烈欢迎这一消息。

EN: Ian Green, chief executive of the Terrence Higgins Trust, said: 'The priority must now be to make sure that the trial is rolled out speedily across the country, and that no-one at risk of HIV is left behind.
ZH_REF: 特伦斯?希金斯信托基金会首席执行官伊恩?格林表示：“现在的首要任务就是确保试验在全国范围内迅速推开，而且艾滋病病毒感染者一个都不能落下。
ZH_HYP: 希金斯·希金斯信托基金的伊恩·格林(iangiggin)表示:“现在的优先必须是确保在全国范围内迅速推出,而不可能被艾滋病毒的风险。

EN: Now that the PrEP trial drug has been procured, we're well on the way to protecting over 10,000 people at risk of HIV.'
ZH_REF: 现在我们已经购买了 PrEP 试验药物，我们为保护超过 10,000 名艾滋病毒高危人员已经做好了准备。”
ZH_HYP: 现在已经采购了试探性的,我们我们正处于保护100000人的艾滋病毒的危险之中。

EN: Shadow public health minister Sharon Hodgson said: 'The start of the PrEP trial is welcome and long overdue after months of delays and heel-dragging by the Government.
ZH_REF: 影子公共卫生部长沙龙?霍奇森声称：“历经数月的推迟和政府的拖沓之后，PrEP 初试的开始工作很受欢迎而且应该早些到来。
ZH_HYP: 沙龙说:“政府拖延和拖延,在几个月的拖延和拖延。

EN: The evidence shows just how transformative this drug can be as part of our approach to HIV prevention and ending the transmission of this life-changing infection.
ZH_REF: 证据表明作为我们预防艾滋病毒和止传播这种致命的感染疾病的方法的一部分，这种药物可以带来怎么样的变革。
ZH_HYP: 证据表明,这种药物的转变是我们预防艾滋病毒预防和结束这种改变的一部分。

EN: This trial will take us one step closer to fully understanding the benefits of PrEP.
ZH_REF: 这项试验将使我们更进一步地、充分了解 PrEP 的优势。
ZH_HYP: 这次审判将使我们更接近理解预案的好处。

EN: Now it is important that this trial is rolled out as quickly as possible across the country to protect individuals who are exposed to HIV and help take us one step closer to ending the spread of HIV in society.'
ZH_REF: 现在，尽快在全国范围内推出这项试验以便保护接触艾滋病毒的人员，并帮助我们更进一步地终止艾滋病毒在社会中的传播，这点非常重要。”
ZH_HYP: 现在,必须尽快在全国范围内展开这项审判,以保护受艾滋病毒的人,并帮助我们我们一步。

EN: In 2015, for the purpose of technological collaboration or acquisition, Hou Weigui led a team to inspect many auto plants.
ZH_REF: 2015年，出于技术合作或并购目的，侯为贵曾带队考察了许多车厂。
ZH_HYP: 2015年,为了技术合作或收购,侯水水带领一个团队来检查许多汽车厂。

EN: Living the high life: mezzanine floor and clever design tricks have transformed this small Earls Court flat into a spacious home
ZH_REF: 高品质生活：应用阁楼和巧妙设计，将伯爵宫小公寓打造为宽敞的家
ZH_HYP: 生活高生活:美食的地板和聪明的设计花招都转变成宽敞的家

EN: Joanne Leigh, a former banker with a passion for doing up property, downsized from a large home in Knightsbridge to an Earls Court apartment in 2014.
ZH_REF: 乔安妮·雷是曾是一位银行家，她十分热衷于整修房屋，2014 年，她从位于骑士桥的大房子搬到了伯爵宫小公寓。
ZH_HYP: 前银行家乔恩·勒格(joanneleigh)是一位热衷于做房地产的银行家,2014年,一个一家大家。

EN: It is on the first floor of a smart Queen Anne terrace - and it is a testament to the new design that Joanne hasn't packed her bags and sold on.
ZH_REF: 这间公寓位于一个优雅的安妮女王式露台的一楼 -- 乔安妮没有收拾行李将其出售，这就是对新设计的有力证明。
ZH_HYP: 它是在安妮的安妮王后的一楼,这是新设计的新设计的证明。

EN: "Before this, I was living with my ex in Knightsbridge in a much bigger space," Joanne says.
ZH_REF: “在此之前，我和前男友住在骑士桥的一个更大的房子里，”乔安妮说道。
ZH_HYP: “在这之前,我和我的前人一起住在骑士桥上。

EN: "I was looking for something that was comparable for my price.
ZH_REF: “我当时正在找与报价合适的房子。
ZH_HYP: ”“我在找一些与我的价格相媲美的东西。

EN: I was shown this apartment in Earls Court and it had the same high ceilings.
ZH_REF: 我在伯爵宫看到这间公寓，它的天花板也很高。
ZH_HYP: 我在伯爵法庭的公寓里,,它也有同样的最高限额。

EN: I fell in love with it and put an offer in that day."
ZH_REF: 我很中意，当天就提出要约。”
ZH_HYP: 我爱上了,在那一天就放了一个。

EN: Since the first viewing, the 1,000sq ft flat has had a complete overhaul.
ZH_REF: 自首次看房之后，这个 1,000 平方英尺的公寓现在已经完成了彻底检修。
ZH_HYP: 自从第一次观看以来,1000平方英尺的公寓已经彻底检修.

EN: Originally a one-bedroom property with a convoluted layout - you had to walk through the kitchen to get to the bedroom - Joanne wanted to add storage space and a mezzanine to make the most of the generous ceiling height.
ZH_REF: 这个公寓原先是一间布局复杂的单间 -- 需要穿过厨房才能走到卧室 -- 乔安妮当时就想增加储物空间和阁楼，以充分利用充足的天花板高度。
ZH_HYP: 最初是一个有的的布局的卧室,你必须步行穿过厨房去厨房去卧室--琼想增加存储空间和一个大的高度。

EN: "I wanted high ceilings, big windows, lots of light.
ZH_REF: “我想要高高的天花板、大大的窗户、充足的光线。
ZH_HYP: “我需要高天花板,大窗户,。

EN: That was my requirement," she says.
ZH_REF: 这就是我的要求，”她说道。
ZH_HYP: 这是我的要求。

EN: To this end, she employed Erfan Azadi of Notting Hill-based architecture and design studio Duck & Shed to exploit the 12.5ft ceilings and create a home that wasn't only a development but a place for Joanne to live.
ZH_REF: 为此，她聘请了来自 Duck＆Shed 建筑和设计工作室（位于诺丁山）的埃尔凡·阿扎迪来利用这个 12.5 英尺高的天花板，精心打造一个家。这个家不仅是开发项目，还是乔安妮居住的地方。
ZH_HYP: 为此,她雇用了以山建筑为基础的建筑,设计工作室的设计工作,设计工作室,开发12.5英尺天的天花板,并为乔安娜活的一个地方。

EN: The ceiling wasn't quite tall enough to add two spaces on top of each other so the architectural challenge was to create a mezzanine that you could stand up in.
ZH_REF: 天花板的高度不足以增加两个上下空间，所以建筑挑战在于创建一个高度足够让人站立的的阁楼。
ZH_HYP: 天花板不够高,足以在彼此的顶部上增加两层空间,所以建筑的挑战就是创造一个你可以站起来的

EN: Erfan had to think creatively to resolve the brief.
ZH_REF: 埃尔凡必须发挥创意思维，这样才能解决这个问题。
ZH_HYP: 埃凡不得不创造性地思考一下.

EN: "The steelwork is quite complicated," he explains.
ZH_REF: “钢结构相当复杂，”他解释说。
ZH_HYP: “钢铁工作很复杂。”

EN: "We had to arrange the spaces so that they stacked on top of each other without needing to hunch down.
ZH_REF: “我们必须安排好空间，使其上下陈列，并且不需要耸肩弓背。
ZH_HYP: “我们得安排空间,以便他们在不需要下,而不必再下腰。

EN: It wasn't just building a simple platform, but cranking the steels so that they were at the right height for the function above or below."
ZH_REF: 不仅仅是搭建一个简单的平台那么简单，还要起动这些钢材，以使其处于实现功能的合适高度左右。”
ZH_HYP: 它不仅仅是建立一个简单的平台,但可以在上面或下面的功能高度。

EN: This arrangement allowed Erfan to get two full-height rooms on top of each other in the space - with lots of added drama.
ZH_REF: 通过这种安排，埃尔凡能够在该空间中获得两个全身高的房间 -- 其中可以增添许多趣味元素。
ZH_HYP: 这种安排让埃凡在空间上的顶端房间,有了很多的戏剧性。

EN: For the mezzanine, a vintage copper light window from Retrouvius looks down over the glamorous living area below.
ZH_REF: 阁楼采用 Retrouvius 品牌的复古铜质窗户，可以俯瞰迷人的生活区域。
ZH_HYP: 对于美扎尼,从视网膜的的光光窗户俯下下垂的

EN: Mirrored gold furniture, silver accents and vintage Serge Mouille lighting all set the style for the scheme.
ZH_REF: 装有镜子的金色家具、银色小件家具和 Serge Mouille 复古照明奠定了整体风格。
ZH_HYP: 镜子家具、银色和古奇的士穆尔尔照明都为该计划设置了风格。

EN: The use of mirrors plays a part in adding theatre, space and light.
ZH_REF: 镜子的使用对于增加氛围、空间和光线起着重要作用。
ZH_HYP: 镜子的使用在增加剧、空间和光线方面发挥了作用。

EN: A short corridor is mirrored at both ends to make it appear longer.
ZH_REF: 在短走廊两端装上镜子，可以使其看起来更长。
ZH_HYP: 一条短廊的镜头都会被镜头.

EN: In the kitchen, the mirrored splashback feels like a window to another room.
ZH_REF: 厨房里，装有镜子的防溅板就像通往另一个房间的窗户。
ZH_HYP: 在厨房,镜像的的的感觉就像一个房间的窗户。

EN: At the entrance, mirrored units provide storage for all Joanne's cutlery and glassware.
ZH_REF: 在玄关处，装有镜子的小格子为乔安妮提供存储空间，用于存放餐具和玻璃器皿。
ZH_HYP: 在入口处,镜头的为所有的乔安宁和玻璃器皿提供了存储.

EN: Giving the perception of a more glamorous space, the beauty of the living room is being able to close off the kitchen when it's not in use.
ZH_REF: 漂亮的客厅有一种引人入胜的空间感，在厨房未使用时能够把厨房收起来。
ZH_HYP: 让人感觉到一个更迷人的空间,客厅的美容。

EN: Foldaway kitchens are nothing new.
ZH_REF: 折叠式厨房并不新鲜。
ZH_HYP: 折叠的厨房是什么新鲜事。

EN: What's unique about this one is that it's a garage-style lift-up door.
ZH_REF: 但这个折叠式厨房的独特之处在于一个车库式的升降门。
ZH_HYP: 这独特的是车库式的车型车门。

EN: "A bit of engineering went into that," explains Erfan of the steel-reinforced, veneered MDF door.
ZH_REF: “这里涉及一些工程领域的知识，”埃尔凡对钢筋加固贴面 MDF 门进行解释。
ZH_HYP: “一点工程工程进入了,”钢筋的的板的的板门。

EN: "It's counter-weighted so that when you push the door up, it glides really easily."
ZH_REF: “这采用的是平衡原理，所以当你推门时，就很容易滑动。”
ZH_HYP: “这是反衡,所以当你推开门门时,它就很容易。”

EN: Thanks to clever use of space and storage, Joanne gained an additional 16sq m, an extra bedroom and an improved layout.
ZH_REF: 由于巧妙地利用空间和存物，乔安妮额外获得 16 平方米、多了一间卧室以及一个改进的布局。
ZH_HYP: 由于使用空间和存储的使用,乔安又获得了16平方米的额外卧室和一个改进的布局。

EN: "At the end of the day, floor space is what you are going to sell - or how your property is valued," Erfan says.
ZH_REF: “最终，你卖的就是房屋面积 -- 或者说你的房产估值是以房屋面积为基础的，”埃尔凡说道。
ZH_HYP: “在一天,,楼层是你要卖的——或者你的财产如何估价的。

EN: "In a rudimentary form, a real estate agent will walk in and do a calculation based on floor size."
ZH_REF: “基本来说，房地产经纪人会走进去房间，并根据楼层大小进行计算。”
ZH_HYP: “在粗糙的形式,房地产经纪人将走到,计算计算。

EN: Here they have managed to increase the floor space while using quality materials that give the space its luxurious edge.
ZH_REF: 他们会设法增加占地空间，同时使用优质材料，从而为这个空间带来了奢华的感觉。
ZH_HYP: 在这里,他们设法增加了空间空间,同时使用了空间的空间。

EN: "The materials are the things that you touch and therefore help to create an emotional bond in a home," says Erfan.
ZH_REF: 埃尔凡表示，“材料都是你亲自挑选，因此有助于在家中创建情感纽带。”
ZH_HYP: “这些材料是你接触的东西,因此有助于在家庭中创造一个情感纽带。

EN: "You don't fall in love with the electrical feeds in the walls.
ZH_REF: “你不会爱上墙上的电源。
ZH_HYP: “你不喜欢在墙上的电。

EN: These are important but they don't pull the heart strings."
ZH_REF: 这些东西都很重要，但不会扣你心弦。”
ZH_HYP: 这些都很重要,但他们不拉动心跳。

EN: It goes to show that through good design and increased square metreage, a flat can turn from something standard into something quite amazing.
ZH_REF: 事实证明，通过良好的设计以及增加额外面积，标准公寓可以摇身变得让你惊叹不已。
ZH_HYP: 它可以通过良好的设计和增加的平,可以从某东西的标准变成一件令人惊异的东西。

EN: In fact, like Joanne, you may choose not to leave.
ZH_REF: 实际上，你可能会和乔安妮一样，选择住下去。
ZH_HYP: 事实上,你可以选择不离开。

EN: About a year ago, this Facebook CEO indicated that he wanted to develop an AI system , and has made it his annual personal challenge.
ZH_REF: 这位Facebook CEO大约1年前就表示要开发一款人工智能系统，将此作为自己的年度挑战。
ZH_HYP: 大约一年前,这本facebookeo表示他希望开发一个人工智能系统,并使其成为了他的年长的挑战。

EN: In the history of the Grammy Awards, Beyoncé and Adele are the two female singers who have won the most Grammy Awards in a single year.
ZH_REF: 纵观历届格莱美，碧昂斯和阿黛尔都拥有着单届格莱美夺奖最多的女歌手头衔。
ZH_HYP: 在格莱美奖的历史上,贝昂塞和阿黛勒是两个女歌手。

EN: It is understood that the 59th Grammy Awards will be held on February 12, 2017 US local time (morning of February 13, Beijing time), and will be hosted by British comedian James Corden.
ZH_REF: 据悉，第59届格莱美颁奖礼将于美国当地时间2017年2月12日（北京时间2月13日早）举行，主持人由英国喜剧演员詹姆斯·柯登(James Corden)担任。
ZH_HYP: 据了解,第59届格莱美奖将于2017年2月12日(2月13日),并由英国喜剧演员詹姆斯·科恩主持。

EN: As telecommunication technology is upgraded and updated, operators require massive website resources when building new networks.
ZH_REF: 随着通信技术的升级换代，运营商在新建网络时需要大量的站址资源。
ZH_HYP: 随着电信技术的升级和更新,操作人员需要大量的网站资源。

EN: The Ministry of Land and Resources as well as other relevant departments must take the initiative to serve, consider the overall situation associated with the structural transformation and integrated reform experimental zone program, and actively strive for policy support from the State.
ZH_REF: 国土资源等有关部门要主动服务，着眼转型综改试验区工作全局，积极争取国家政策支持。
ZH_HYP: 土地和资源部以及其他有关部门必须主动服务,考虑与结构改革和改革改革试验区的总体情况,积极积极开展国家政策支持。

EN: July 26 news: On July 22, reporters learned from Hongqiao District that the upgrading project of the city’s largest downtown riverside linear park has been completed, and the park will be opened to the public free of charge.
ZH_REF: 7月26日消息：7月22日，记者从红桥区获悉，本市市区最大的沿河带状公园，红桥区南运河两岸绿化景观提升工程完工并免费向市民开放。
ZH_HYP: 七月二十六日新闻::7月22日,记者从红桥区的的记者得知,该市最大的市区的最大的城市内河工程已完成,公园将免费开放。

EN: Plastic paved pathways of approximately 1,500 meters with distance markers have been built in the green open space on both sides of the river bank between Jinhua Bridge and Xinsantiao Stone Bridge.
ZH_REF: 在金华桥至新三条石桥之间的两侧河岸绿地中还铺设了约1500米的塑胶甬道，甬道上注有距离标志。
ZH_HYP: 在金华桥与金斯西桥之间的绿色开放空间中,已在距离1500米的的的绿色开放空间中建造了。

EN: In addition to the flowers, plants and trees planted on both sides of the pathway, a children’s playground has been constructed, embellished with various groups of small sculptures.
ZH_REF: 甬道两旁除栽种多种花草树木外，还修建了一处儿童游乐场地，并点缀设置了多组雕塑小品。
ZH_HYP: 除了在路边两旁种植的花、植物和树木,还在各种小雕刻中,以各种小雕塑。

EN: As you walk along, you will see benches, paved pathways, bridges, riverside decks, sand pits for children to play in, and other amenities. These help integrate the green landscape and water sights into one, offering residents another place for leisure, fitness and entertainment.
ZH_REF: 行走中可以发现，岸边还修建了座椅、甬道、小桥、亲水平台和供儿童嬉戏的沙池等，使两岸绿化景观和水系融为一体，为市民提供了又一处休闲、健身及娱乐好去处。
ZH_HYP: 当你走,,你会看到长凳、铺设路、桥梁、河边的、沙子和其他的,,让孩子们玩耍,以及其他的娱乐。

EN: Yesterday, a list of 23 players to participate in the China Cup was released by Chinese national coach Lippi, and caused great controversy in the society.
ZH_REF: 昨天，中国国家队主帅里皮公布了参加中国杯比赛的23人名单，也正是这份名单引发了巨大的争议。
ZH_HYP: 昨天,中国国家教练李皮皮发表了一份中国杯的名单,并引起了社会的巨大争议。

EN: How to deal with China’s renewable energy vehicle “subsidy fraud” has become a matter of serious concern for the public and even the international automobile industry community after the case was exposed in January this year. The State Council has attached great importance to this issue, and has requested rigorous investigation into such fraudulent conduct.
ZH_REF: 对于如何处理我国新能源汽车“骗补”事件，自今年1月事件曝光以来受到全社会乃至国际汽车产业界的高度关注，国务院高度重视，要求严肃查处骗补行为。
ZH_HYP: 在今年1月,中国面临的可再生能源汽车“补贴欺诈”已经成为公众和甚至国际汽车界严重关注的问题,国务院对此问题十分重视,并要求对此类欺诈行为进行严格调查。

EN: A reason for poor electric vehicle sales is inadequate promotional effort for these products.
ZH_REF: 电动汽车销量不佳的原因之一在于这些产品的宣传力度不够。
ZH_HYP: 电动汽车销售的原因是这些产品的销。

EN: According to the latest national fitness survey bulletin issued in 2014, the number of exercisers has increased by nearly 8 percent points compared with 2007.
ZH_REF: 据2014年国家最新全民健身状况调查公报数据，相比2007年，运动健身的人群增长近8个百分点。
ZH_HYP: 根据2014年发布的最新国家健身调查,与2007年相比,人数增加了近8%。

EN: Brothers fight over $500 million property empire
ZH_REF: 两兄弟上演 5 亿美元房地产帝国争夺大战
ZH_HYP: 5亿美元的资产帝国

EN: Two brothers are at war over one of Victoria's biggest real estate empires, worth more than $500 million, four decades after their Italian family founded the dynasty.
ZH_REF: 在其意大利家族创立王朝 40 年后，两兄弟为价值 5 亿多美元的、维多利亚最大的房地产帝国之一展开争夺大战。
ZH_HYP: 在意大利的家族成立了,他们的意大利家族在了一个的房地产商,价值超过5亿美元。

EN: Former Carlton Football Club director and developer Colin De Lutis lives in a Toorak mansion three doors from younger brother Paul, who has taken him to the Supreme Court over how their property and business assets will be sliced up.
ZH_REF: 前卡尔顿足球俱乐部董事和开发商柯林?德?鲁蒂斯 (Colin De Lutis) 住在一栋位于图卡拉区的豪宅，而三个房门的距离处是他的弟弟保罗的住所。后者就他们的不动产和营业资产的分割问题，将他告上了最高法院。
ZH_HYP: 前卡尔顿俱乐部的前前和开发商科林·德林斯(torkltonfincer)住在三门的三门门,他他将他带到了最高法院。

EN: Paul has wanted out of the family business since 2014 but an acrimonious argument is playing out in the Supreme Court over the break-up.
ZH_REF: 自 2014 年以来，保罗一直希望脱离家族企业，但两兄弟就这起资产分割在最高法院展开了激烈的争论。
ZH_HYP: 保罗自2014年起就想出家族企业,但在最高法院上,了激烈的争论。

EN: Together with their mother Anna the brothers own 38 properties worth more than half a billion dollars, amassed since the family bought a Smith Street, Collingwood, shop in 1973.
ZH_REF: 兄弟俩以及其母亲一共拥有 38 个不动产，价值超过 5 亿多美元，这些不动产是 1973 年该家族买下科林伍德区史密斯街以来，不断积累起来的。
ZH_HYP: 同他们的母亲安娜,兄弟们自己的38个财产,价值超过了5亿美元,自1973年买了一家史密斯街,柯林德。

EN: There, the family founded Westco Jeans and grew it into a chain of 160 retail outlets.
ZH_REF: 在那里，该家族创立了Westco Jeans公司，并将其逐步发展到 160 家零售连锁店的规模。
ZH_HYP: 在那里,一家一家公司建立了西斯科牛仔裤,并将其变成了160家零售点.

EN: It sold in 1999 for $85 million.
ZH_REF: 1999 年，该公司以 8500 万美元的价格售出。
ZH_HYP: 1999年售出了8500万美元。

EN: That money was sunk into property and the De Lutis portfolio now includes city offices, Brunswick and Sorrento development sites, Gold Coast and Mt Buller apartments, and suburban shopping centres.
ZH_REF: 之后，那笔钱被投入到房地产中。目前，德?鲁蒂斯家族的资产组合包括城市办公楼、不伦瑞克和索伦托开发项目、黄金海岸和布勒山公寓，以及郊区购物中心。
ZH_HYP: 这笔钱被夕阳,而deluis组合现在包括城市办公室、布伦瑞克和索伦伦发展网站、黄金海岸和和mtbuller公寓。

EN: Under an agreement with their late father, Colin - described by Paul as "the major driving force and the dominant personality" in the De Lutis family - owns about two-thirds of the company assets and Paul about one-third.
ZH_REF: 根据与其已故父亲达成的协议，被其弟弟保罗称为德?鲁蒂斯家族的“主要推动者和支配性人物”的科林拥有约三分之二的公司资产，而保罗大约占到三分之一。
ZH_HYP: 在与已故父亲的协议,,科林----保罗(colin----)的“主要动力和主要的主要动力和主要的人格”。

EN: A court filing says this translates to Colin owning property worth $316 million and Paul $176 million.
ZH_REF: 向法庭提交的文件称，经折算，科林拥有的财产价值 3.16 亿美元，而保罗拥有的财产价值 1.76 亿美元。
ZH_HYP: 法院的说,这意味着colin拥有拥有价值3.16亿美元和保罗1.76亿美元的财产。

EN: Dividing the properties and cash has proved the sticking point for Paul.
ZH_REF: 保罗来认为，不动产和现金的分割证明是商谈的症结所在。
ZH_HYP: 把财产和现金分开了证明了保罗的

EN: "The splits proposed by Colin left him with what I considered to be the best properties," he wrote in an initial court affidavit in 2015.
ZH_REF: “科林提出的财产分割建议书为他留下了我认为最好的财产 ”，他在 2015 年的一份首次法庭宣誓书中写道。
ZH_HYP: 他在2015年的宣誓书中写道:“科林提出的分裂使他留下了最优秀的财产。

EN: Last Friday, after several failed mediations, the first Supreme Court hearing was held.
ZH_REF: 上周五，在数次调解失败之后，最高法院首次举行了听证会。
ZH_HYP: 上星期五,在几次失败的调解之后,举行了第一次最高法院听证会。

EN: The brothers are also now fighting over who controls the existing business - which Paul alleges Colin has locked him out of.
ZH_REF: 现在，这两兄弟还在争夺现有企业的控制权，保罗称科林已将他踢出局。
ZH_HYP: 兄弟们也在为谁控制现有业务而进行的斗争。

EN: Colin argues this is not true, but accuses Paul of incompetently managing some properties.
ZH_REF: 而科林对此予以否认，并指责保罗对某些不动产管理不力。
ZH_HYP: 科林认为这不是真的,而是指责保罗不不管理一些属性。

EN: In an early affidavit filed by Colin, he says he hopes to resolve the dispute.
ZH_REF: 在科林提交的早期宣誓书中，他表示希望解决争端。
ZH_HYP: 他在科林提出的早期宣誓书中表示,他希望解决这一争端。

EN: "My Italian heritage dictates that family is the most important priority," he wrote.
ZH_REF: “我的意大利传统决定了家庭是最重要的选项。我的意大利血统决定家庭是最重要的 ”， 他写道。
ZH_HYP: “我的意大利遗产是家庭是最重要的事情。”

EN: Costs are mounting in the case, with hundreds of pages of affidavits, emails and reports by companies including Deloitte, Pitcher Partners and Charter Keck Cramer filed and top barristers including Allan Myers, QC, and senior solicitors retained by both sides.
ZH_REF: 案件的成本不断攀升，并且还有数百页的宣誓书、电子邮件，以及由 Deloitte、Pitcher Partners、Charter Keck Cramer 等公司、Allan Myers，QC 等顶级律所，以及双方聘请的资深律师提交的公司报告。
ZH_HYP: 在案件中增加,包括德勤公司、投手伙伴和包机公司的公司,包括包括德勤公司、投行伙伴和《宪章》克拉克克克克拉克的公司的的律师和高级

EN: Ms De Lutis and her late husband Luigi were Italian immigrants who ran milk bars and delicatessens from the late 1950s and in the early 1970s bought a shop in Brunswick.
ZH_REF: 德?鲁蒂斯女士和她已故的丈夫路易吉均为意大利移民。他们从 20 世纪 50 年代末起开始经营大众食店和熟食店，并于 20 世纪 70 年代初在布伦瑞克买了一家商店。
ZH_HYP: 德卢斯和她的丈夫luigi是意大利移民,他们从1950年代末开始就在布伦瑞克买了一家商店。

EN: They used the collateral to buy the Collingwood property where Colin opened the family's first jeans store.
ZH_REF: 他们使用抵押品买下科林伍德物业，科林在那里开设了家族的首家牛仔裤店。
ZH_HYP: 他们用了抵押品买柯林公司的的那家牛仔裤商店。

EN: Colin says he started Westco there when he was "in my final years of high school, when Paul was a young child (around 10 years old)."
ZH_REF: 科林说，“我读高三时 ”，，他在那里创办了 Westco，“当时，保罗还很小（大约 10 岁）。”
ZH_HYP: 科林说,他在高中高中的时候,他在高中的时候,他是一个年轻的孩子(大约10岁)。

EN: Anna De Lutis says she and Luigi, who died in 2012, hoped to pass down their properties to their sons amicably.
ZH_REF: 安娜?德?鲁蒂斯说，她和 2012 年去世的路易吉希望能够将财产平和地传给儿子
ZH_HYP: 安娜·德卢斯说,她和路易吉于2012年去世,希望能把他们的财产传给他们的儿子。

EN: "Luigi often said to me that he never wanted the brothers to end up in court," she wrote.
ZH_REF: “路易吉常常对我说，他永远不希望兄弟们最后会闹到法庭上 ”，她写道。
ZH_HYP: 路易吉经常对我说,他从来没有希望兄弟们最终会场。

EN: Two other brothers, Mark and Luke, are no longer part of the De Lutis group of companies, with Colin saying that Mark was paid $10 million when he left the business, and Luke $26 million.
ZH_REF: 另外两个兄弟，马克和卢克不再是德?鲁蒂斯集团公司的成员，科林说马克离开公司时，向他支付了 1000 万美元，并向卢克支付了 2600 万美元。
ZH_HYP: 另外,还有两个兄弟马克和卢克(luke)的两个兄弟(mark))的一部分,colin说,当他离开该公司时,马克,马克2600万美元,而

EN: Both Luke and Mark had become, Paul says, "bitter about the terms of their financial separation."
ZH_REF: 保罗说，卢克和马克均“对他们的财产分割条款表示不满”。
ZH_HYP: 路加和马克都已经成为了,他们的金融分居的条件。

EN: Colin has kept a low profile despite being a former AFL club board member and, according to a 2015 biography of Eddie McGuire, the television star's best friend.
ZH_REF: 根据电视明星艾迪?麦奎尔 (Eddie McGuire) 至交 2015 年出版的传记所载，尽管科林是前AFL俱乐部的董事会成员，但他一直保持低调。
ZH_HYP: 尽管是前前的阿盟俱乐部董事会成员,但科林仍然保持了低调,尽管是一名前的afl俱乐部董事会成员,2015年的《埃迪·麦吉尔》。

EN: Fairfax Media contacted Colin and Paul De Lutis on Friday, and their lawyers.
ZH_REF: “费尔法克斯传媒 (Fairfax Media) ”周五联系了科林和保罗，以及他们的律师。
ZH_HYP: 费尔法克斯媒体上周五与科林和保罗·卢斯(pauldeluis)联系了联系。

EN: Only Colin replied, by text message, to say that because the case was before the courts "I really cannot say much."
ZH_REF: 但是，只有科林通过短信回复。他表示，因为案件已提交至法庭“我真的不能说太多。”
ZH_HYP: 只有科林通过短信说,因为案件在法庭面前,我真的不能说。

EN: "It's very, very sad that my brother Paul has chosen to sue me and drag our family name through the courts," he wrote.
ZH_REF: “我的弟弟保罗选择了起诉我，并将我们的家族事务带到法庭上，这是非常、非常令人难过的 ”，他写道。
ZH_HYP: “我的兄弟保罗选择起诉我和把我们的姓拖到法庭上,”他写道。

EN: In mid-2016, Colin wrote in one court filing that he had tried to accommodate his brother's requests.
ZH_REF: 2016 年年中，，科林在一份法庭文件中写道，他曾试图满足其兄弟的要求。
ZH_HYP: 2016年中,科林在一家法院中写道,他曾试图满足他的兄弟请求。

EN: "Our father would not have wanted to see Paul and I end up in our current dispute," he said, adding that he was "still hopeful of resolution."
ZH_REF: 他说：“我们的父亲不希望看到保罗和我最后发生目前这样的争端 ”，并补充道，他“仍然对争端的解决抱有希望。”
ZH_HYP: 他说:“我们的父亲不想看到保罗,我也不愿意看到我们的解决。”

EN: On Friday, that hope appeared gone.
ZH_REF: 周五，这个希望似乎破灭了。
ZH_HYP: 星期五,这个希望出现了。

EN: "Our matter will be resolved by the courts in the near future," Colin wrote.
ZH_REF: “我们的问题将在不久的将来通过法院解决”，科林写道。
ZH_HYP: 科林写道:“我们的问题将在不久的将来得到解决。

EN: Li Keqiang held a ceremony to welcome Russian President's visit to China.
ZH_REF: 李克强举行仪式，欢迎俄罗斯总理访华。
ZH_HYP: 李克强举行了欢迎俄罗斯总统访问中国的仪式.

EN: Li Keqiang and Russian Prime Minister jointly chaired the 22nd regular meeting between the Premier of China and the Prime Minister of Russia
ZH_REF: 李克强与俄罗斯总理共同主持中俄总理第二十二次定期会晤
ZH_HYP: 李克强和俄罗斯总理联合总理共同主持了22次常会

EN: Met reporters together and attended the closing ceremony of the China-Russia Year of Media Exchange.
ZH_REF: 共同会见记者，并出席中俄媒体交流年闭幕式。
ZH_HYP: 在一起记者会上,出席了中俄媒体媒体交流会。

EN: The 12th National People’s Congress held the third plenary session of the 30th meeting.
ZH_REF: 十二届全国人大常委会第三十次会议举行第三次全体会议。
ZH_HYP: 第十二届全国人民代表大会举行第三十次全体会议。

EN: Zhang Dejiang presents a report on checking the implementation status of the Law on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution Resulting From Solid Waste.
ZH_REF: 张德江作关于检查固体废物污染环境防治法实施情况的报告。
ZH_HYP: 张德江介绍了防治固体废物污染环境的实施情况。

EN: Zhang Dejiang met with the President of Russia.
ZH_REF: 张德江会见俄罗斯总理。
ZH_HYP: 张德江会见了俄罗斯总统.

EN: The closing ceremony of the 23nd meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
ZH_REF: 全国政协十二届常委会第二十三次会议闭幕。
ZH_HYP: 中国人民政治协商第十二届会议闭幕式。

EN: Yu Zhengsheng chaired the meeting and gave an address.
ZH_REF: 俞正声主持并讲话。
ZH_HYP: 余郑主持了会议,并发表了地址.

EN: Zhang Gaoli, Wang Yang and Liu Yandong accepted Russia’s Order of Friendship award.
ZH_REF: 张高丽、汪洋、刘延东接受俄罗斯友谊勋章。
ZH_HYP: 张高利、王ang和刘翔接受了俄罗斯的友谊奖。

EN: Wang Yang met with Sri Lanka’s Minister of Foreign Affairs.
ZH_REF: 汪洋会见斯里兰卡外长。
ZH_HYP: 王ang会见了斯里兰卡外交部长。

EN: Wang Huning requested at the Mobilization Meeting of the Central Propaganda Group for studying and implementing the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress spirit
ZH_REF: 王沪宁在学习贯彻党的十九大精神中央宣讲团动员会上要求
ZH_HYP: 王英宁在中央宣传小组动员会议上,研究和落实第19届全国精神精神精神精神

EN: Chinese President Xi Jinping met with Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev at Diaoyutai State Guesthouse on November 1.
ZH_REF: 国家主席习近平十一月一号在钓鱼台国宾馆会见俄罗斯总理梅德韦杰夫。
ZH_HYP: 中国总统习近平于11月1日在钓鱼台会见了俄罗斯总理梅德韦杰夫。

EN: Xi Jinping expressed his welcome for Medvedev's immediate visit to China following the perfect conclusion of the 19th CPC National Congress, stressing that Russia is China’s biggest neighbor
ZH_REF: 习近平欢迎梅德韦杰夫在中共十九大胜利闭幕后随即访华，强调俄罗斯是中国的最大邻国。
ZH_HYP: 习近平表示,在中国共产党十九国全国代表大会结束后,中国,他对梅德韦杰夫立即访问中国,并强调俄罗斯是中国最大的邻国

EN: and strategic cooperation partner.
ZH_REF: 和全面战略协作伙伴
ZH_HYP: 以及战略合作合作伙伴。

EN: China's clear goal and firm determination to develop and deepen the China-Russia relations will not change.
ZH_REF: 中方发展和深化中俄关系的明确目标和坚定决心不会改变。
ZH_HYP: 中国明确的发展和深化中俄关系的决心不会改变。

EN: China is willing to work with Russia towards expanding mutual cooperation in all fields and all rounds, and deepening mutual coordination in international affairs,
ZH_REF: 中方愿同俄方一道，扩大各领域、全方位合作，密切在国际事务中的协调和配合
ZH_HYP: 中方愿与俄罗斯共同努力,扩大各领域的合作,深化国际事务中的相互协调,

EN: Advance the formation of a common destiny for humanity
ZH_REF: 推动构建人类命运共同体
ZH_HYP: 促进人类共同命运

EN: The strategic partnership between China and Russia will usher in a new opportunity, create a new image and achieve new results based on the new starting point.
ZH_REF: 相信中俄全面战略协作伙伴关系会在新起点上把握新机遇，展现新气象，取得新成果。
ZH_HYP: 中俄战略伙伴关系将迎来新的机遇,在新的起点上,新的新的成果。

EN: Xi Jinping pointed out that China and Russia should give full play to the coordination role of regular meeting mechanism between the Prime Ministers, strengthen mutual cooperation in energy, equipment manufacturing, agriculture, aerospace, etc.,
ZH_REF: 习近平指出，中俄要充分发挥总理定期会晤机制的统筹协调作用，加强在能源、装备制造、农业、
ZH_HYP: 习近平指出,中俄应充分发挥总理之间的协调作用,加强能源、设备制造、农业、航空等领域的合作,

EN: continue enhancing the scientific and technological innovation in mutual cooperation, and taking big data, IoT, smart city and other areas of digital economy
ZH_REF: 航天等领域合作继续提升双方合作中的科技创新含量，将大数据、物联网、智慧城市等数字经济领域
ZH_HYP: 继续加强相互合作的科技创新,并大力发展大数据、、、、智能型城市和其他数字经济领域

EN: as the new growth point of cooperation.
ZH_REF: 作为新的合作增长点
ZH_HYP: 作为新的合作点。

EN: He also expressed that China and Russia should make concerted efforts to dock the One Belt One Road with the Eurasian Economic Union, promote the landing of projects like coastal international transport corridors, jointly exploit the Arctic shipping routes
ZH_REF: 要做好一带一路建设同欧亚经济联盟对接，努力推动滨海国际运输走廊等项目落地，共同开展北极航道开发和利用合作
ZH_HYP: 他还表示,中俄应共同努力,与欧亚经济联盟一道走一条一路,推动诸如国际运输走廊等项目的陆,共同利用北极航运路线

EN: and Polar Silk Road,
ZH_REF: 打造冰上丝绸之路
ZH_HYP: 和极地丝绸道

EN: promote local exchanges and cooperation between the two countries, and further consolidate the public opinion foundation of bilateral relations.
ZH_REF: 推动两国地方交流合作，进一步巩固两国关系的民意基础。
ZH_HYP: 促进两国的交流与合作,进一步巩固双边关系的舆论基础。

EN: Medvedev conveyed Russian President Vladimir Putin's cordial greetings and best wishes to President Xi Jinping, and expressed his warmest congratulations on
ZH_REF: 梅德韦杰夫转达了俄罗斯总统普京对习近平主席的亲切问候和美好祝愿，对中共十九大胜利闭幕
ZH_HYP: 梅德韦杰夫向俄罗斯总统普京的亲切问候,并对主席主席表示最热烈的祝贺。

EN: the successful closing of the 19th CPC National Congress and Xi Jinping’s re-election as the General Secretary the CPC Central Committee.
ZH_REF: 和习近平再次当选中共中央总书记表示热烈祝贺。
ZH_HYP: 十九国共十九大大会和习近平的再次当选为总书记。

EN: Making more positive progresses in the fields of economy, energy, investment, innovation, humanity, and the fields docking the One Belt One Road and the Eurasian Economic Union.
ZH_REF: 在经济、能源、投资、创新、人文、欧亚经济联盟同一带一路建设对接等领域合作取得更多积极进展。
ZH_HYP: 在经济、能源、投资、创新、人类和田野领域领域,领域的一个一路和欧亚经济联盟。

EN: Russia is very satisfied with current progresses, and is willing to further strengthen its exchanges and cooperation with China in various fields and strengthen its communication and coordination with China on major global and regional issues.
ZH_REF: 俄方对此十分满意，愿进一步密切同中方各领域交流合作，加强在国际和地区事务中沟通协调
ZH_HYP: 俄罗斯对当前的发展十分满意,愿在各领域加强与中国的交流与合作,加强与中国的沟通与协调。

EN: Ding Xuexiang and Yang Jiechi attended the meeting.
ZH_REF: 丁薛祥、杨洁篪等参加会见。
ZH_HYP: 丁雪祥和杨洁篪出席了会议.

EN: Afterwards, the premiers of the two countries viewed march-past.
ZH_REF: 随后，两国总理观看了分列式。
ZH_HYP: 后来,两国的的预示着3月的3月的

EN: After the welcoming ceremony, the two prime ministers co-chaired the 22th regular meeting between Chinese and Russian prime ministers.
ZH_REF: 欢迎仪式后， 两国总理共同主持中俄总理第二十二次定期会晤。
ZH_HYP: 在欢迎仪式后,两位总理共同主持了22次定期会议。

EN: Li Keqiang said that China-Russia relations are bearing new fruits under the jointed efforts of President Xi Jinping and President Putin.
ZH_REF: 李克强表示，在习近平主席和普京总统的推动下，中俄关系不断结出新的硕果。
ZH_HYP: 李克强说,中俄两国关系正在努力下,新的成果。

EN: Just successfully concluded the 19th CPC National Congress
ZH_REF: 刚刚胜利闭幕的中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会
ZH_HYP: 刚刚成功地完成了第19届全国代表大会

EN: a new CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, established Xi Jinping's Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era as the
ZH_REF: 选举产生了以习近平同志为核心的新一届中共中央， 确立了习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想
ZH_HYP: 新近平同志为核心的新中国共产党中央央央委员会核心委员会,为新时代的中国特色社会主义思想,为新时代的新时代,了新的新时代

EN: guiding ideology that the Party must follow permanently, and defined clearly China’s development goals for the future.
ZH_REF: 为我们党必须长期坚持的指导思想，明确了中国未来的发展目标。
ZH_HYP: 指导思想,党必须永远遵循,并明确明确中国的发展目标。

EN: As the largest developing country in the world, development has always been the foundation and key to solve all problems in China.
ZH_REF: 中国作为最大的发展中国家，发展是解决一切问题的基础和关键。
ZH_HYP: 作为世界上最大的发展中国家,发展始终是解决中国问题的基础和关键。

EN: Both China and Russia are taking each other's development as an important opportunity
ZH_REF: 中俄都视彼此的发展为重要机遇
ZH_HYP: 中俄两国都是一个重要的机遇

EN: Their efforts to dock development strategies and deepen all-round cooperation will embrace a broader prospect, and also contribute more to the peace and development of the two countries, the whole region and even the world.
ZH_REF: 两国对接发展战略、深化全方位合作面临更广阔前景，也将为两国、地区乃至世界的和平与发展贡献更多积极力量。
ZH_HYP: 他们努力发展战略和深化全面合作,将更广阔的前景,也为两国、乃至世界的和平与发展做出更多贡献。

EN: Li Keqiang and Medvedev debriefed to the relevant mechanisms of both countries, as well as the work reports presented by Chinese Vice Premiers Zhang Gaoli, Wang Yang and Liu Yandong, and the Russian chairmen.
ZH_REF: 李克强和梅德韦杰夫听取了两国相关机制，中方主席张高丽、汪洋、刘延东，以及俄方主席的工作汇报。
ZH_HYP: 李克强和梅德韦杰夫向两国相关机制汇报,中国副副张张张、刘阳和刘刘东和俄罗斯主席。

EN: Creating a brighter tomorrow for the relations between the two countries
ZH_REF: 共创两国关系更加美好的明天
ZH_HYP: 明天为两国间的关系创造更美好的明天

EN: Medvedev congratulated the Communist Party of China on its successful convening of the 19th CPC National Congress, saying that Russia is willing to deepen its cooperation with China in the traditional fields such as energy, infrastructure, production capacity, aviation and aerospace,
ZH_REF: 梅德韦杰夫祝贺中国共产党成功召开十九大，表示俄方愿同中方深化能源、基础设施建设、产能、航空航天等传统领域合作
ZH_HYP: 梅德韦杰夫祝贺中国共产党成功召开第19届次全国代表大会,并表示,俄罗斯愿意在能源、基础设施、航空和航空等传统领域中深化与中国的合作。

EN: open up cooperation in emerging areas like e-commerce and small-and- medium enterprises, foster closer the people-to-people exchanges, and push forward the continuous progressing of comprehensive strategic partnership between Russia and China.
ZH_REF: 开拓电子商务、中小企业等新兴领域合作，密切人文交流，推动俄中全面战略协作伙伴关系持续向前发展。
ZH_HYP: 开放新兴领域的合作,如电子商务和中小企业,加强人民交流,推进俄俄全面战略伙伴关系的不断进步。

EN: After the meeting, Li Keqiang and Medvedev signed a Joint Communique of the 22th Meeting of the Chinese and Russian Prime Ministers, and witnessed the signature of nearly 20 documents concerning the bilateral cooperation
ZH_REF: 会晤后，李克强与梅德韦杰夫签署了《中俄总理第二十二次定期会晤联合公报》，并共同见证投资
ZH_HYP: 会议后,李克强和梅德韦杰夫签署了中国总理第二十二次会议联合公报,并签署了近20份有关双边合作的文件

EN: on energy investment, local cooperation, humanity, agriculture, customs, quality control, aerospace, finance, etc..
ZH_REF: 能源、地方合作、人文、农业、海关、 质检、航天、金融等领域近二十项双边合作文件的签署。
ZH_HYP: 能源投资、地方合作、人性、农业、海关、航空、金融等

EN: After the signing ceremony, the two prime ministers met with reporters and answered their questions.
ZH_REF: 签字仪式后，两国总理共见记者并答问。
ZH_HYP: 在签署仪式后,两位总理会见了记者,回答了他们的问题。

EN: Li Keqiang introduced the outcomes of this meeting, and stressed that China is willing to continue promoting the China-Russia relations and their mutual cooperation in all fields, propelling the establishment of a new international relationship with win-win cooperation as the core
ZH_REF: 李克强介绍了此次会晤成果，强调中方愿继续在相互尊重、平等互利
ZH_HYP: 李克强介绍了这次会议的成果,并强调,中国愿继续推动中俄关系,推动建立新的国际合作,作为核心

EN: on the basis of mutual respect, equality, and joint development,
ZH_REF: 共同发展基础上， 推进中俄关系与各领域合作， 推动建立以合作共赢为核心的新型国际关系
ZH_HYP: 在相互尊重、平等和共同发展的基础上,

EN: and creating more growth points on cooperation.
ZH_REF: 还要打造更多的合作增长点
ZH_HYP: 并在合作方面创造更多的增长点。

EN: To achieve this, it would require not only giving full play to the large and strong enterprises of the two countries and strengthening their cooperation on large strategic projects in the fields of energy, aerospace, aviation and cross-border infrastructure, but also making good use of the flexible small-and-medium enterprises and encouraging
ZH_REF: 不仅要集中发挥两国大企业大而强的优势，加强能源、航天、航空、跨境基础设施等领域战略性大项目合作，而且要利用好中小企业小而活的优势
ZH_HYP: 要做到这一点,不仅需要充分发挥两国大型强壮企业,加强在能源、航空、跨国基础设施等领域的大型战略项目,还需要灵活利用灵活的中小企业,鼓励

EN: them to open up new areas of cooperation and create an innovation accelerator for pragmatic cooperation.
ZH_REF: 支持他们开辟合作新领域，为两国务实合作挂上创新加速档。
ZH_HYP: 他们开放新的合作领域,为务实合作创造创新加速器。

EN: That afternoon, Li Keqiang and Medvedev jointly attended the closing ceremony of the China-Russia Media Exchange Year and made a speech,
ZH_REF: 当天下午，李克强与梅德韦杰夫共同出席中俄媒体交流年闭幕式并致辞。
ZH_HYP: 那天下午,李克强和梅德韦杰夫共同出席了中俄媒体的闭幕式,并发表讲话。

EN: giving their high appraisal to the positive outcomes and social repercussions achieved in this Media Exchange Year.
ZH_REF: 高度评价媒体交流年取得的积极成果和社会反响。
ZH_HYP: 对媒体交流年的积极成果和社会影响作出评价。

EN: Li Keqiang said in his speech that two years ago, the heads of state of China and Russia jointly decided and announced the start of China-Russia Media Exchange Year,
ZH_REF: 李克强在致辞中表示，两年前，中俄两国元首共同决定并宣布启动中俄媒体交流年。
ZH_HYP: 李克强在演讲中说,两年前,中俄两国元首共同决定,宣布俄中媒体的开始,

EN: showing that China and Russia, as comprehensive strategic partners, have shared a high degree of mutual trust in politics, a cultural connection on the soul level, as well as an objective and friendly attitude towards each other.
ZH_REF: 表明中俄作为全面战略协作伙伴，政治上高度互信，文化上心灵相通，对彼此抱有客观友好的态度。
ZH_HYP: 显示中俄作为全面的战略伙伴,在政治上,高度互信,对双方的客观友好态度。

EN: building up important bridges and ties. Li Keqiang pointed out that both China and Russia are possessed of long-standing cultural traditions and profound cultural heritages.
ZH_REF: 搭建起重要桥梁和纽带，李克强指出，中俄都是拥有悠久文化传统和深厚文化底蕴的国家。
ZH_HYP: 李克强指出,中俄两国都有着悠久的文化传统和深刻的文化遗产。

EN: Medias of the two countries also have their own characteristics.
ZH_REF: 两国媒体也是各有特色。
ZH_HYP: 两国的调解也有自己的特点。

EN: Thanks to the media exchange year, mutual understanding and friendship between the two countries have been deepened, and mutual learning between the medias have been enhanced,
ZH_REF: 通过举办媒体交流年，双方增进了理解，加深了友谊，促进了媒体间学习互鉴
ZH_HYP: 由于媒体媒介的媒体,加深了两国人民的相互了解和友谊,

EN: and the media exchange year itself has also become a distinctive move in the history of international medial exchanges.
ZH_REF: 成为国际媒体交流史上的特色之举
ZH_HYP: 媒体媒介交流也成为国际国际交流的独特的。

EN: This closing ceremony is not an end, but a new start, signifying the start of a new chapter in the history of China-Russia media cooperation, and raising a new sail for the people-to-people exchanges.
ZH_REF: 今天的闭幕式不是终点，而是新的起点，相信将开启中俄媒体合作新篇章，扬起人文交流新风帆。
ZH_HYP: 这次闭幕式结束并不是结束,而是一个新的开端,标志着中俄媒体合作的新篇章,并为人民人民交流新的帆船。

EN: Pushing forward the China-Russia relations towards a new journey of consolidated friendship between generations
ZH_REF: 推动中俄关系迈上夯实世代友好的新征程
ZH_HYP: 推动中俄关系,走向新的历程

EN: Injecting new connotations and creating new opportunities to the relations of the two countries, and fully reflecting the degree of friendship between the two peoples as well as the strategic significance of the bilateral relations.
ZH_REF: 为两国关系赋予新的内涵，带来新的机遇，充分体现出两国人民的友好程度和双边关系的战略意义。
ZH_HYP: 注入新的内涵,为两国关系创造新的机遇,充分反映两国人民的关系。

EN: On the afternoon of November 1 , the 30th Session of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress held its third plenary session in the Great Hall of the People, Beijing.
ZH_REF: 十二届全国人大常委会第三十次会议一号下午在北京人民大会堂举行第三次全体会议。
ZH_HYP: 第十二届全国人民代表大会常务委员会第三十届会议在11月1日下午在北京人民大会堂举行。

EN: Chairman Zhang Dejiang attended the meeting
ZH_REF: 张德江委员长出席会议
ZH_HYP: 张德江主席

EN: and made a report on the inspected enforcement of the Law of the People’s Republic on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste (hereinafter, Solid Waste Law).
ZH_REF: 并作关于检查固体废物污染环境防治法实施情况的报告。
ZH_HYP: 并就《中华人民共和国固体废物污染环境防治法》(以下简称固体废物法))执行情况提出报告。

EN: In May this year, the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress started the inspection of the enforcement of Solid Waste Law.
ZH_REF: 今年五月全国人大常委会启动开展固体废物污染环境防治法执法检查。
ZH_HYP: 今年5月,全国人民代表大会常务委员会开始对固体废物法的实施进行检查。

EN: Zhang Dejiang reported the inspection results on behalf of the inspection team of law enforcement.
ZH_REF: 张德江代表执法检查组报告了检查情况。
ZH_HYP: 张德江代表执法检查队报告了检查结果。

EN: He said that since the 18th CPC National Congress, the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core
ZH_REF: 他说， 党的十八大以来，以习近平同志为核心的党中央
ZH_HYP: 他说,自共中央大国大国大常委会以习近平为核心

EN: had conscientiously implemented the legal provisions, and achieved striking progresses in the prevention and control of solid waste.
ZH_REF: 认真落实法律规定，固体废物污染防治工作取得长足进步。
ZH_HYP: 认真执行法律规定,在固体废物的防治方面取得了显著的进展。

EN: Zhang Dejiang pointed out that according to the inspection results, there were also some outstanding problems in the enforcement of Solid Waste Law as well as the prevention and control of solid waste pollution.
ZH_REF: 张德江指出，从执法检查情况看，当前固废法的实施以及固体废物污染防治工作仍面临一些突出问题。
ZH_HYP: 张德江指出,根据检验结果,固体废物污染的防治工作也存在着一些突出的问题。

EN: These problems must arouse enough attention.
ZH_REF: 必须引起高度重视。
ZH_HYP: 这些问题必须引起足够的关注。

EN: We must conscientiously implement the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress, completely and accurately implement the Solid Waste Law, further promote the prevention and control of solid waste pollution.
ZH_REF: 要认真贯彻落实党的十九大精神， 全面正确贯彻实施固废法， 深入推进固体废物污染防治工作。
ZH_HYP: 认真落实十九大精神,全面落实固体废物法,进一步推进固体废物污染的防治。

EN: Pushing forward the treatment of industrial solid waste, improving the supervision mechanism of solid waste, and strengthening the scientific and technological support for the prevention and control of solid waste pollution.
ZH_REF: 深入推进工业固体废物治理，完善固体废物监管工作机制，强化固体废物污染防治的科技支撑。
ZH_HYP: 推进固体废物处理,完善固体废物的监管机制,加强对固体废物污染的防治。

EN: The Minister of Agriculture Han Changfu, under the entrust of the State Council, made a report on grassland ecological environment protection.
ZH_REF: 受国务院委托，农业部部长韩长赋作了关于草原生态环境保护工作情况的报告。
ZH_HYP: 国务院农用长长长林农林保护问题报告。

EN: Han Changfu said
ZH_REF: 韩长赋说
ZH_HYP: 韩昌

EN: Continuously raising the level of grassland conservation and construction
ZH_REF: 持续提升草原保护建设水平
ZH_HYP: 不断提高草地的保护和建设

EN: The meeting heard and examined a report presented by Cao Jianming, the Chief Procurator of the Supreme People's Procuratorate, on comprehensively deepening the judicial reform.
ZH_REF: 会议听取审议了最高人民检察院检察长曹建明作的关于人民检察院全面深化司法改革情况的报告。
ZH_HYP: 会议听取并审查了最高人民检察院首席检察官曹建明提出的报告。

EN: After reporting on the current progresses, achievements and problems, Cao Jianming expressed that the next step would be to deepen the comprehensive reform of the judicial system,
ZH_REF: 在报告了进展、成效和存在的问题后， 曹建明表示，下一步将深化司法体制综合配套改革
ZH_HYP: 曹建明在报告目前的进展、成就和问题,表示下一步将是深化司法系统的全面改革,

EN: fully implement the judicial responsibility system, strengthen the policy interpretation and reform propaganda, deepen the research and demonstration, and promote the judicial reform to the depth of development.
ZH_REF: 全面落实司法责任制，加强政策解读和改革宣传，深化研究论证，推动司法改革向纵深发展。
ZH_HYP: 充分落实司法责任制度,加强政策传承,深化研究与示范,深入推进司法改革。

EN: Vice Chairman Chen Zhu presided over the meeting.
ZH_REF: 陈竺副委员长主持会议。
ZH_HYP: 副主席陈国主持.

EN: Carrying out in-depth the exchange of experiences and mutual learning concerning the management and governing of the country, and the legislative control, so as to ensure the smooth development of mutual cooperation in the areas docking the One Belt one Road with the Eurasian Economic Union at the legislative level.
ZH_REF: 深入开展治国理政、立法监督经验交流互鉴，从立法层面保障一带一路建设和欧亚经济联盟对接等领域合作顺利开展
ZH_HYP: 深入开展管理管理和管理经验和立法管理,确保在欧亚经济联盟在欧亚经济一条道路上的的合作顺利发展。

EN: Strengthening local cooperation and cultural exchanges, and injecting new vitality and momentum to the China-Russia relations.
ZH_REF: 加强地方合作和人文交流，为中俄关系注入新活力、增添新动能。
ZH_HYP: 加强地方合作和文化交流,为中俄关系注入新的活力和动力。

EN: Medvedev expressed his congratulations on the successful closing of the 19th CPC National Congress.
ZH_REF: 梅德韦杰夫说，祝贺中共十九大胜利闭幕。
ZH_HYP: 梅德韦杰夫对第19届全国代表大会的圆满表示祝贺.

EN: The Russia-China relations have been progressing very smoothly and made enumerable great achievements.
ZH_REF: 俄中关系进展顺利，合作成果丰硕。
ZH_HYP: 俄罗斯-中俄关系取得了进展,取得了巨大的成就。

EN: Russia is willing to work with China and push the bilateral relations to a higher level.
ZH_REF: 俄方愿同中方共同努力，将两国关系推向更高水平。
ZH_HYP: 俄罗斯愿与中国合作,推动双边关系推向更高的水平。

EN: Wang Chen attended the meeting.
ZH_REF: 王晨参加会见。
ZH_HYP: 王陈先生出席了会议.

EN: In the afternoon of October 31th, Medvedev laid a wreath at the Monument to the People’s Heroes.
ZH_REF: 三十一号下午，梅德韦杰夫向人民英雄纪念碑敬献花圈。
ZH_HYP: 在10月31日下午,梅德韦杰夫在人们的英雄碑上献上了花环。

EN: The meeting pledged full support to the report delivered by Comrade Xi Jinping on behalf of the 18th CPC Central Committee.
ZH_REF: 一致表示，完全拥护习近平同志代表中共十八届中央委员会所作的报告。
ZH_HYP: 会议保证充分支持同志习近平代表第十八届中央委员会的报告。

EN: The report delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping is a programmatic document radiating the brilliance of Marxism, which puts forth a series of important thoughts, ideas, judgements and measures.
ZH_REF: 习近平总书记所作的报告提出一系列新的重要思想、重要观点、重大判断、重大举措，是一篇闪耀着马克思主义光辉的纲领性文献。
ZH_HYP: 习近平总书记是一个方案的的,它是马克思主义的辉煌的,提出了一系列重要的思想、思想、判断和措施。

EN: There was a consensus among attendees that the political priority of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference at present and in the years to come is to comprehensively study, propagandize and implement the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress.
ZH_REF: 与会人员一致表示，全面深入学习宣传贯彻中共十九大精神，是当前和今后一个时期人民政协的首要政治任务。
ZH_HYP: 中国政治协商认为,中国政治协商会议的政治优先是全面研究、宣传和落实十九次中国共产党的实质内容。

EN: Firstly, it is necessary to digest Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and continuously consolidate the common political and ideological basis for unity and struggle.
ZH_REF: 一要深刻领会习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想， 不断巩固团结奋斗的共同思想政治基础。
ZH_HYP: 首先,有必要对中国特色社会主义的社会主义思想,不断巩固统一和斗争的共同政治和思想基础。

EN: Secondly, it is necessary to unite and lead the CPPCC members to unswervingly carry out the Party’s basic theories, guidelines and policies.
ZH_REF: 团结带领政协委员坚定贯彻执行党的基本理论、基本路线、基本方略。
ZH_HYP: 第二,必须团结和领导政协成员坚定不移地履行党的基本理论、方针和政策。

EN: Thirdly, it is necessary to focus on the central tasks of the Party and state and contribute ideas and efforts to the victory of building a moderately prosperous society in all respects.
ZH_REF: 三要聚焦党和国家中心任务履职尽责，为决胜全面建成小康社会、建设社会主义现代化国家献计出力。
ZH_HYP: 第三,必须集中党和国家的中心任务,为建设建设建设小康社会的胜利。

EN: Fourthly, it is necessary to give full play to CPPCC’s role as an important channel of consultative democracy and a specialized organization of consultation, implementing consultative democracy throughout the process of performing duties and into all aspects of work.
ZH_REF: 四要充分发挥政协作为协商民主重要渠道和专门协商机构作用，把协商民主落实到履职全过程和各方面。
ZH_HYP: 第四,充分发挥政协的作用,发挥协商民主的重要渠道,在履行工作过程中,民主民主制度的作用,落实协商民主民主。

EN: Fifthly, it is necessary to fully exploit the power of CPPCC as a united front organization that enables it to mobilize the Chinese nation to fulfill the Chinese dream.
ZH_REF: 五要更好发挥政协作为统一战线组织功能作用，动员全体中华儿女共圆中国梦。
ZH_HYP: 第五,充分发挥人民政协力,使中国人民实现中国梦想。

EN: Sixthly, it is necessary to reinforce CPPCC’s self-construction with an emphasis on beefing up its competence in performing duties, improve the duty-performing system, and enhance the duty-performing efficiency.
ZH_REF: 六要以增强履职本领为重点加强政协自身建设，完善履职制度，提高履职实效。
ZH_HYP: 第六,加强政协的建设,重点是加强履行职责、提高工作职守的能力,提高义务职的的效率。

EN: The meeting adopted the Resolution on Studying
ZH_REF: 会议通过了《关于学习贯彻中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会精神的决议》
ZH_HYP: 会议通过了关于学习的决议

EN: and Implementing the Essence of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China as well as the Decision on Partial Revision of the Constitution of the Chinese people’s Political Consultative Conference.
ZH_REF: 和《关于部分修改〈中国人民政治协商会议章程〉的决定》
ZH_HYP: 落实中国共产党第十九次次代表大会的实质内容,以及《中国人民政治协商会议宪法》的部分修改。

EN: The meeting asked to summarize well the work of CPPCC and prepare well for the first session of 13th CPPCC National Committee.
ZH_REF: 会议要求以中共十九大精神为指导，总结好本届政协工作，做好全国政协十三届一次会议筹备工作。
ZH_HYP: 会议要求对政协的工作进行总结,并为第13届cc国家委员会第一届会议做好准备。

EN: This award is given to individuals whose efforts significantly contribute to promoting world peace and developing friendly relationship among countries.
ZH_REF: 促进世界和平、发展国家间友好关系作出杰出贡献的人士
ZH_HYP: 这项奖项的个人,促进促进世界和平与发展各国之间的友好关系。

EN: In the afternoon of November 1th, Wang Yang, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier of the State Council met with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Sri Lanka Tilak Marapana in Ziguangge, Zhongnanhai.
ZH_REF: 中共中央政治局常委、国务院副总理汪洋一号下午在中南海紫光阁会见斯里兰卡外长马拉帕纳。
ZH_HYP: 11月1日下午,中共中央政治局常务委员会副总理王杨会见了中南海省副总理,会见了南海省副总理。

EN: The year of 2017 marks the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic ties between China and Sri Lanka and the 65th anniversary of the signing of the Agreement on Rice for Rubber.
ZH_REF: 今年是中斯建交六十周年和《米胶协定》签署六十五周年。
ZH_HYP: 2017年是中国与斯里兰卡建立外交关系的六十周年,签署《签署《大米》签署65周年。

EN: China will act conscientiously on the neighborhood diplomacy of “amity, sincerity, mutual benefit and inclusiveness” and the foreign policy of “developing good relationship and partnership with neighboring countries”, which were established at the 19th CPC National Congress.
ZH_REF: 中方将认真落实中共十九大确定的亲诚惠容理念和与邻为善、以邻为伴周边外交方针，加强同斯里兰卡等发展中国家的团结合作。
ZH_HYP: 中国将认真落实“友好、互利、互利和互利”的邻外交,并在“发展与周边国家发展良好关系”的外交政策。

EN: Tilak Marapana congratulated on the triumphant convention of the 19th CPC National Congress.
ZH_REF: 马拉帕纳祝贺中共十九大胜利召开。
ZH_HYP: 塔拉塔·马帕纳对第19届国会的胜利表示祝贺。

EN: He said Sri Lanka regards China as a close friend and a reliable partner.
ZH_REF: 他表示，斯里兰卡视中国为亲密朋友和发展伙伴。
ZH_HYP: 他说,中国是一个亲密的朋友,是一个可靠的合作伙伴。

EN: He said teach-ins associated with the important meetings and work deployment of the CPC Central Committee are warmly welcomed by both carders and the masses.
ZH_REF: 他表示结合党中央的重要会议、重大工作部署、组织开展宣讲活动，受到广大干部群众欢迎。
ZH_HYP: 他说,中国共产党中央委员会重要会议和工作部署有关的教程受到了广大群和群众的热烈欢迎。

EN: General Secretary Xi Jinping has always attached great importance to the publicity of the CPC Central Committee’s ideas and explicitly requires that the centralized publicity of the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress should be well accomplished.
ZH_REF: 习近平总书记对做好党中央精神宣讲工作一贯高度重视，提出了明确要求，我们要切实做好这次集中宣讲工作。
ZH_HYP: 习近平总书记总重视中国共产党中央委员会的宣传,,明确要求,要实现第19届全国代表大会的实质内容。

EN: The publicity is expected to synchronize the thoughts and actions of carders and the masses with the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress.
ZH_REF: 更好把广大干部群众的思想和行动统一到党的十九大精神上来。
ZH_HYP: 宣传将使中国民和群众的思想和行动与第19届国民大会的本质相。

EN: Wang Hu’ning suggested that the centralized publicity of the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress should be meticulously carried out based on the requirement of “comprehension and implementation” to deepen the work of “studying,
ZH_REF: 王沪宁表示要牢牢把握在学懂弄通坐实上下功夫的要求，精心做好党的十九大精神集中宣讲
ZH_HYP: 王胡宁提出,要深入开展“学习”的要求,,以“理解和实施”的要求,深入开展“学习”的要求,

EN: propagandizing and implementing” and guide the Party to defend the central role of General Secretary Xi Jinping and uphold the authority and centralized leadership of the CPC Central Committee.
ZH_REF: 推动学习宣传贯彻工作，往实里走往深里走，引导全党自觉维护习近平总书记党中央的核心、全党的核心地位，维护党中央权威和集中统一领导。
ZH_HYP: 宣传和实施,指导党保卫总书记习近平的中心作用,维护中国共产党中央中央委员会的权威和集中领导。

EN: We should revolve around the main thread of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era.
ZH_REF: 据其定向、运筹帷幄在于习近平新时代的中国特色社会主义思想的科学指引，要紧紧围绕习近平新时代 中国特色社会主义思想这个主线。
ZH_HYP: 我们要围绕着中国特色社会主义的习近平的主线。

EN: We should make clear the striking theme of 19th CPC National Congress, the rich connotations of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, and the historical changes of the cause of the Party and state since the 18th CPC National Congress.
ZH_REF: 讲清楚党的十九大的鲜明主题，讲清楚习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想的丰富内涵，讲清楚党的十八大以来党和国家事业发生的历史性变革。
ZH_HYP: 我们要明确十九国大大会的主题,,习近平思想对中国新时代的社会主义的丰富内涵,以及党和大国自第十八届会议以来的历史变化。

EN: We should make clear the significance of socialism with Chinese characteristics as it enters a new era, the far-reaching influence of the change of the society’s principal contradiction, and the Two Centenary Goals.
ZH_REF: 讲清楚中国特色社会主义进入新时代的重大意义，讲清楚我国社会主要矛盾变化的深远影响，讲清楚两个一百年奋斗目标。
ZH_HYP: 我们要在新时代的时代、社会矛盾的深远影响和两个百年目标的影响,明确中国特色社会主义的意义。

EN: We should make clear China’s strategic deployment of strict rule over the Party and synchronization of the thoughts and actions of carders and the masses with the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress.
ZH_REF: 讲清楚坚定不移全面从严治党的重大部署，把广大干部群众的思想和行动统一到党的十九大精神上来。
ZH_HYP: 我们要明确中国对党的严格的战略部署,,同时,中国共产党十九大的思想和行动,以中国共产党十九大的的实质。

EN: We should integrate the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress into the grass-roots units and the masses.
ZH_REF: 推动党的十九大精神走进基层、走进群众。
ZH_HYP: 把第19届全国代表大会的实质纳入基层群众.

EN: Huang Kunming, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Head of the Central Propaganda Department, presided over the meeting.
ZH_REF: 中共中央政治局委员、中宣部部长黄坤明主持会议。
ZH_HYP: 中共中央政治局成员黄昆明和中央宣传部主任,主持了会议。

EN: Huang Kunming, member of the Communist Party's Politburo, member of the Secretariat of the Central Committee and minister of Propaganda Department of the CPC Central Committee and so on.
ZH_REF: 中共中央政治局委员、中央书记处书记、中央宣传部部长黄坤明等三十六位同志。
ZH_HYP: 黄昆明,共产党共中央政治局委员,中央委员会秘书处,中国共产党中央委员会宣传部部长。

EN: Starting from the first day of the month, the central propaganda team will prepare lessons collectively.
ZH_REF: 从一号起，中央宣讲团成员进行集体备课。
ZH_HYP: 从这个月起,中央宣传小组将集体总结经验。

EN: The team will kick off the propaganda across the country as of the 5th.
ZH_REF: 五号起赴全国各地宣讲
ZH_HYP: 该队将从五五时开始进行宣传.

EN: With 10% efforts in deployment, 90% efforts will be made in implementation.
ZH_REF: 一分部署、九分落实。
ZH_HYP: 在部署10%的部署,将在执行方面作出90%的努力。

EN: After the delegates to the 19th CPC National Congress returned to the grass roots, the top priority is to convey the essence of the report delivered at the 19th CPC National Congress
ZH_REF: 十九大代表回到基层后，首要的事情就是把党的十九大报告精神
ZH_HYP: 在十九十九国大国代表大会的代表回到基层后,将在第19届全国代表大会上传递报告的实质内容

EN: in place at a first time
ZH_REF: 第一时间传达到位
ZH_HYP: 第一次到位

EN: We shall combine with the on-going smart public security building in Shanghai and apply big data, cloud computing and other new technologies in the practical work.
ZH_REF: 要结合上海正在进行的智慧公安建设，把大数据、云计算等这些新技术，运用到工作中去。
ZH_HYP: 我们将结合上海上海的智能公安建设,在实际工作中应用大数据、云计算和其他新技术。

EN: He Xinglong, a delegate to the 19th CPC National Congress and a rural doctor who lived in Daning County, Shanxi, after returning his home town, sent the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress to his fellow villagers on the way of practice.
ZH_REF: 而远在山西大宁县的十九大代表、乡村医生贺星龙，回到家乡后，在行医路上把十九大精神送到乡亲们身边。
ZH_HYP: 他在山西县的19届全国代表大会的代表、在山西县的农村医生、在他乡后,将第19届全国代表大会的实质上向他的同胞们。

EN: I
ZH_REF: 俺
ZH_HYP: i

EN: The report noted to implement healthy China strategy, strengthen the community medical and health care service system and general practitioner team building. You can find, when I convey
ZH_REF: 报告提出，实施健康中国战略，加强基层医疗卫生服务体系和全科医生队伍建设，你看这下以后咱村里
ZH_HYP: 报告指出,实施健康的战略,加强社区医疗服务体系和普通业医师团队建设,你可以在此发现

EN: the concern from General Secretary Xin Jinping and the Party Central Committee to the villagers, all of them
ZH_REF: 给老百姓传达到，把习总书记、党中央对大家的关怀关心传达到，大家都觉得
ZH_HYP: 总书记中英平总书记和党中央委员会对村民的关注

EN: are feeling that our life has become better and better.
ZH_REF: 我们党的领导下，日子会越来越好。
ZH_HYP: 我们的生活变得更好、更好。

EN: According to our news, tomorrow, People's Daily will release a commentary titled starting a new journey of building a socialist modern country
ZH_REF: 本台消息，明天出版的人民日报发表评论员文章开启全面建设社会主义现代化国家新征程，五论学习贯彻党的
ZH_HYP: 根据我们的新闻,明天人民日报将发表一篇关于建设社会主义现代国家的新旅程的评论

EN: Today, the CPC International Liaison Department holds a briefing meeting for interpreting the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress to
ZH_REF: 中联部今天举办专题吹风会，面向一百五十多个国家的驻华使节以及国际组织、外国企业代表
ZH_HYP: 今天,中国共产党国际联络部举行了一次,为中国共产党第十九次会议的实质内容

EN: the envoys of more than 150 countries in China, international organizations and delegates of foreign enterprises.
ZH_REF: 解读中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会精神。
ZH_HYP: 中国150多个国家的特使、国际组织和代表。

EN: The envoys present at the briefing noted that, the 19th CPC National Congress is of great significance
ZH_REF: 出席吹风会的驻华使节们表示，中共十九大意义重大
ZH_HYP: 简报会的特使指出,第19届全国代表大会具有重要意义

EN: The congress has proposed Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and set forth a series of important strategic measures that accord with China's reality. It has not only given a specific direction for development of China
ZH_REF: 大会提出了习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想，提出了一系列符合中国实际的重大战略举措，不仅为中国的发展指明了方向
ZH_HYP: 大会提出了习近平的社会主义中国特色社会主义思想,提出了中国现实的一系列重要战略措施,不仅为中国的发展方向发展方向

EN: but also made a profound and lasting influence for the peace, prosperity and development of the world
ZH_REF: 也将对世界和平、繁荣与发展产生深远影响
ZH_HYP: 但也对世界的和平、繁荣和发展产生了深刻的影响

EN: and Lankao County of Henan Province, people in 28 poverty-stricken counties in rural areas have been lifted out of poverty.
ZH_REF: 和河南兰考县，全国已有二十八个贫困县脱贫摘帽。
ZH_HYP: 河南省的诺县,农村贫困县28个贫困县的贫困县。

EN: The exit of poverty-stricken counties needs to pass the preliminary verification, secondary verification and special inspection for assessment.
ZH_REF: 贫困县退出需要通过初核、复核和评估专项检查。
ZH_HYP: 贫困县的出境需要经过初步核查、二级核查和特殊检查。

EN: Only those which have no objection during the publicity can exist from the list of poverty-stricken counties. The exit standard is also stringent.
ZH_REF: 公示无异议才能退出，退出标准也十分严格。
ZH_HYP: 只有在宣传期间没有异议的人,存在于贫困县,出境标准也是严格的。

EN: After the poverty-stricken counties are lifted out of poverty, relevant policies, supports and measures shall be continued for them.
ZH_REF: 贫困县脱贫后不脱政策、不脱帮扶、不脱措施。
ZH_HYP: 贫困县贫困贫困的,继续采取相关政策、扶持和措施。

EN: Today, Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security releases that 10.97 million new jobs have been created in the first three quarters, up by 300,000 year on year.
ZH_REF: 今天，人力资源和社会保障部公布前三季度全国城镇新增就业一千零九十七万人，同比增加三十万人。
ZH_HYP: 今天,人力资源和社会保障部发布的,在前三个季度创造了1097万个新工作。

EN: The Purchasing Manager's Index (PMI) of Chinese manufacturing industry in October is 51.6%, maintaining a high level of more than 51% for 13 months in row.
ZH_REF: 十月份中国制造业采购经理指数为百分之五十一点六，连续十三个月保持在百分之五十一以上较高水平。
ZH_HYP: 10月,中国制造业的采购经理指数(pmi)为51.6%,13个月的13个月以上。

EN: The industries with high energy consumption and high pollution decline by 2 percentage points while hi-tech industry, equipment manufacturing industry and consumer products industry keep growing steadily and quickly.
ZH_REF: 高耗能、高污染行业下降超两个百分点，而高技术产业、装备制造业和消费品行业保持平稳较快发展。
ZH_HYP: 高耗高、高污染产业和消费品行业的工业、高污染行业、消费品行业不断增长和快速增长。

EN: China Insurance Regulatory Commission noted that, from November 1, Interim Measures for Administration of Traceability for Insurance Sales Behaviors will be officially put into implementation as of November 1, specifying that the telemarketing businesses shall be performed with whole-process sound recording for all the types of insurance.
ZH_REF: 保监会表示，从十一月一号起正式实施《保险销售行为可回溯管理暂行办法》，明确电话销售业务应实施全险种、全过程录音。
ZH_HYP: 中国保险保险委员会指出,从11月1日起,保险销售行为可追溯性暂行办法,正式规定,对所有类型保险的保险,应当对所有类型的保险进行全过程录音。

EN: A provincial-level party committee is established for profession of law.
ZH_REF: 成立省级律师行业党委。
ZH_HYP: 建立了省级一级的委员会。

EN: Recently, CCTV and FIFA jointly announced that CCTV has obtained
ZH_REF: 近日，中央电视台和国际足联共同宣布，中央电视台获得二零一八至二零二二年国际足联各项赛事
ZH_HYP: 最近,中央电视台和国际足联联合宣布,中央电视台已获得

EN: an exclusive full-media copyright of FIFA events in Chinese mainland in 2018-2022.
ZH_REF: 在中国大陆地区的独家全媒体版权。
ZH_HYP: 2018-2022年,中国大陆的国际足联事件的独家版权。

EN: The events contained in the contract include the 2018 Russia FIFA World Cup and the 2022 Qatar FIFA World Cup etc.
ZH_REF: 本次合约包括的赛事有二零一八年俄罗斯世界杯、二零二二年卡塔尔世界杯等。
ZH_HYP: 合同中的的事件包括2018年俄罗斯世界杯赛和2022年卡塔尔世界杯世界杯等等。

EN: Around 3 o'clock of the day, a man drove a pickup truck to bump against many people on the highway close to the new WTC, a landmark of New York.
ZH_REF: 当天下午三点左右，一名男子驾驶一辆皮卡在纽约地标新世贸中心附近道路上连撞多人。
ZH_HYP: 一天3点,一个人开车一辆皮卡车撞到了新的wtc的高速公路上的许多人。

EN: This is a terrorist attack.
ZH_REF: 这是一起恐怖袭击。
ZH_HYP: 这是一次恐怖袭击。

EN: According to media report, the man declared to launch the attack in the name of an extreme organization.
ZH_REF: 据媒体报道，此人宣称以极端组织名义发动袭击。
ZH_HYP: 据媒体报道,该男子宣布以极端组织的名义发起这次袭击。

EN: It is an expressway on the west side of Manhattan.
ZH_REF: 这是曼哈顿的西侧的一条快速路。
ZH_HYP: 这是曼哈顿西侧的高速公路。

EN: It is equivalent to a ring road we usually mention at home. It usually allows fast access. It is just ahead not far away. You can find it.
ZH_REF: 相当于我们国内常说的环路，它是能够经经常能够快速通过的，就在前面不远的地方大家可以看到
ZH_HYP: 它相当于一个环路,通常在家里,通常可以快速进入。它是在不远处。

EN: It is still blockaded by police, so that area is not accessible for us.
ZH_REF: 仍然被警察封锁着，那个区域我们是无法跨入。
ZH_HYP: 警察仍被封锁,因此我们无法进入该地区。

EN: After the attack occurred, the police of New York has put more forces and resources
ZH_REF: 袭击发生后，纽约警方已投入更多警力和资源
ZH_HYP: 在发生后,纽约的警察已经投入了更多的力量和资源

EN: to ensure the security of citizens.
ZH_REF: 保证市民安全。
ZH_HYP: 确保公民的安全。

EN: The US president Trump said more efforts would be made for dealing with the review of immigrants.
ZH_REF: 美国总统特朗普表示，进一步加强对外来移民的审查工作。
ZH_HYP: 美国总统特朗普说,将为处理移民问题做出更多的努力。

EN: Next, let's watch international express.
ZH_REF: 接下来看国际快讯。
ZH_HYP: 接下来,我们我们看国际快车。

EN: On November 1, Russian President Vladimir Putin paid a visit to Iran. During his visit, he will focus on consultation with Iran leaders on the Syrian crisis and cooperation of both countries in energy.
ZH_REF: 十一月一号，俄罗斯总统普京到访伊朗，访问期间将重点与伊朗领导人磋商叙利亚危机以及两国的能源合作。
ZH_HYP: 11月1日,俄罗斯总统普京访问伊朗,他将重点与伊朗领导人就两国能源危机和合作问题与伊朗领导人进行磋商。

EN: Both Rusia and Iran support Syria's government of President Bashar al-Assad.
ZH_REF: 俄伊两国均支持叙利亚巴沙尔政府。
ZH_HYP: 鲁伊和伊朗支持叙利亚总统巴沙尔·阿萨德。

EN: Recently, Iran and USA are in diametrical opposition to each other.
ZH_REF: 近期，伊朗与美国在伊核问题上针锋相对。
ZH_HYP: 最近,伊朗和美国相对立.

EN: The outside world is very concerned about Russia's attitude on this issue.
ZH_REF: 外界也非常关注俄罗斯在此问题上的态度。
ZH_HYP: 外界对俄罗斯在这个问题上的态度。

EN: Then Abe formed a new cabinet, with all the original cabinet ministers staying on.
ZH_REF: 安倍随后组建了新一届内阁，原有阁僚全部留任。
ZH_HYP: 然后安倍组成了内阁,所有的内阁部长都继续。

EN: At the election of the House of Representatives held on October 22, the ruling alliance composed of Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and Komeito obtained more than two thirds of seats.
ZH_REF: 在十月二十二号举行的众院选举中，自民党和公明党组成的执政联盟获得超过三分之二议席。
ZH_HYP: 在10月22日众议院选举中,由自由民主党和komeito组成的执政联盟获得了三分之二以上的席位。

EN: The Central Military Commission held a ceremony for promoting high-ranking officers to the military rank of general. Xi Jinping issued a writ to Zhang Shengmin who was promoted to the military rank of general and expressed his congratulation to him.
ZH_REF: 中央军委举行晋升上将军衔仪式，习近平向晋升上将军衔的张升民颁发命令状并表示祝贺。
ZH_HYP: 中央军事委员会举行了军衔军官军衔的习近平向张生民颁发了一则,并向他表示祝贺。

EN: At the invitation of president Xi Jinping, the US president Trump will pay a state visit to China.
ZH_REF: 应国家主席习近平邀请，美国总统特朗普将对我国进行国事访问。
ZH_HYP: 应习近平主席邀请,美国总统将对中国进行国家访问。

EN: The CPC Central Committee made a decision on earnestly studying, propagating and implementing the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress.
ZH_REF: 中共中央做出关于认真学习宣传贯彻党的十九大精神的决定。
ZH_HYP: 中国共产党中央认真研究、宣传和落实十九大中国共产党的实质内容。

EN: General Secretary Xi Jinping led the members of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee
ZH_REF: 习近平总书记带领中共中央政治局常委
ZH_HYP: 西平总书记习近平领导了中共中央政治局常务委员会

EN: working hard forever. The 30th Meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress held a joint group session for consideration and special inquiry on implementation of Law on the Prevention and Control of Pollution Caused by Solid Wastes.
ZH_REF: 永远奋斗的精神力量，十二届全国人大常委会第三十次会议举行联组会议，审议并专题询问固体废物污染环境防治法实施情况。
ZH_HYP: 第十二次全国人民代表大会常务委员会第三十次会议,了一次联合,审议固体废物污染造成的污染污染实施情况和特别调查。

EN: It was included into the safety resolution of the United Nations General Assembly.
ZH_REF: 首次载入联合国大会安全决议。
ZH_HYP: 该决议被纳入联合国大会的安全决议。

EN: Next, please watch the details.
ZH_REF: 接下来请您收看详细内容。
ZH_HYP: 下请看细节。

EN: The ceremony for the Central Military Commission in promoting high-ranking officers to the military rank of general was held on November 2 in the August 1st Building of Beijing.
ZH_REF: 中央军委晋升上将军衔仪式十一月二号在北京八一大楼隆重举行。
ZH_HYP: 中央军委1月1日在北京一楼举行军衔军官军衔的仪式。

EN: At 4:30 p.m., the ceremony for promotion was started with the solemn national anthem.
ZH_REF: 下午四时三十分时晋衔仪式在庄严的国歌声中开始。
ZH_HYP: 下午4时30分,仪式礼仪式以庄严的国歌开始.

EN: The vice chairman of the Central Military Commission Xu Qiliang read out the xxx signed by the chairman of the Central Military Commission Xi Jinping
ZH_REF: 中央 中央军委副主席许其亮宣读了中央军委主席习近平签署的
ZH_HYP: 中央军事委员会副主席许其副主席西安平签署

EN: Group photo
ZH_REF: 合影留念
ZH_HYP: 团体照片

EN: The members of the Central Military Commission Wei Fenghe, Li Zuocheng, Miao Hua and heads of departments under the Central Military Commission and leaders above deputy heads of theatre from large units in Beijing etc.
ZH_REF: 中央军委委员魏凤和、李作成、苗华，以及军委机关各部门领导和驻京大单位副战区职以上领导等
ZH_HYP: 中央军事委员会成员、魏切、、、、、苔、中央军事委员会领导、各部门领导人在北京等各大单位。

EN: According to our news, at the invitation of president Xi Jinping, the president of the United States of America Donald Trump will pay a state visit to China on November 8-10.
ZH_REF: 本台消息，应国家主席习近平邀请，美利坚合众国总统唐纳德·特朗普将于十一月八日至十日对中国进行国事访问。
ZH_HYP: 根据我们的消息,应西安主席主席邀请,美国总统唐纳德·特朗普将于11月8日至10日对中国进行国事访问。

EN: By that time, the heads of the two countries will carry out an in-depth exchange on sino-American relation and the major regional and international issues of common concern.
ZH_REF: 届时，两国领导人将就中美关系和共同关心的重大国际与地区问题深入交换意见。
ZH_HYP: 到那时,两国元首将就中美关系和共同关心的重大问题进行深入交流。

EN: Inject new strong impetus
ZH_REF: 注入新的强劲动力
ZH_HYP: 注入新的动力

EN: Overall situation of the Party and the state, has a direct bearing on the long-term development of the socialist cause with Chinese characteristics and the interests of the great majority of the people
ZH_REF: 党和国家工作全局，事关中国特色社会主义事业长远发展，事关最广大人民根本利益
ZH_HYP: 党和国家的总体状况对中国特色社会主义事业的长远发展和广大人民的利益

EN: persist in the confidence of the road, theory, system and culture, realize such three historic missions as pushing forward the modernization drive, accomplishing the reunification of the motherland, upholding the world peace
ZH_REF: 坚定道路自信、理论自信、制度自信、文化自信，为实现推进现代化建设、完成祖国统一、维护世界和平
ZH_HYP: 坚持道路、理论、制度和文化的信心,实现推进现代化建设,实现祖国统一,维护世界和平

EN: and promoting the common development of all nations, make more efforts in building a moderately prosperous society in all respects and win a great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics for new era
ZH_REF: 与促进共同发展三大历史任务，为决胜全面建成小康社会、夺取新时代中国特色社会主义伟大胜利
ZH_HYP: 促进各国的共同发展,在建设小康社会,为新时代赢得中国特色社会主义伟大胜利

EN: To make continued efforts in realizing the Chinese Dream of the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation and achieving the people's aspiration for a better life is of great importance both in reality and in history.
ZH_REF: 实现中华民族伟大复兴的中国梦、实现人民对美好生活的向往继续奋斗，具有重大现实意义和深远历史意义。
ZH_HYP: 继续努力实现中华民族复兴梦想,实现人民对美好生活的愿望,在现实和历史上都是重要的。

EN: The Decision pointed out that we shall fully and accurately study and comprehend the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress, have a thorough knowledge of the theme of the 19th CPC National Congress and Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era
ZH_REF: 《决定》指出，要全面准确学习领会党的十九大精神，深刻领会党的十九大的主题，深刻领会习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想的
ZH_HYP: 决定指出,我们将全面、准确地研究和理解十九届次代表大会的本质,对十九国大国代表大会和习近平思想为新时代的社会主义的社会主义的思想

EN: March towards the realization of the goal for the first century and the second century and thoroughly understand the socialist economic and political advancement
ZH_REF: 实现第一个百年奋斗目标和向第二个百年奋斗目标进军，深刻领会社会主义经济建设、政治建设
ZH_HYP: 实现世纪目标的实现,全面了解社会主义经济和政治进步

EN: An important plan for diplomacy, fully understand the major deployment in exercising self-discipline inside the Party in an unswerving and all-around manner.
ZH_REF: 外交工作的重大部署，深刻领会坚定不移全面从严治党的重大部署。
ZH_HYP: 一个重要的外交计划,充分认识党内在党内的自律的主要部署。

EN: The Decision pointed out that we shall earnestly carry out the study and publicity of the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress
ZH_REF: 《决定》指出，要认真做好党的十九大精神的学习宣传
ZH_HYP: 决定指出,我们将认真落实第19届全国代表大会实质内容的研究与宣传

EN: Deal with learning and training properly, strive to launch the propaganda campaign, carefully organize the press publicity and the studying and interpretation.
ZH_REF: 切实抓好学习培训，集中开展宣讲活动，精心组织新闻宣传，认真组织研究阐释。
ZH_HYP: 妥善处理学习和培训,努力开展宣传活动,认真组织新闻宣传,以及学习和口译.

EN: We shall carry forward the academic atmosphere of linking theory with practice
ZH_REF: 要弘扬理论联系实际的学风
ZH_HYP: 我们将继续实践理论与实践

EN: Effectively improve the capacity of solving the problem and advancing the development.
ZH_REF: 切实提高解决问题、推动发展的能力。
ZH_HYP: 有效地提高解决问题和推进发展的能力。

EN: We shall earnestly strengthen the organizational leadership and urge Party committees (leading party groups) at all levels to assume the responsibilities of leadership
ZH_REF: 要切实加强组织领导，各级党委（党组）要切实负起领导责任
ZH_HYP: 认真加强组织领导,,敦促党委(领导党组织)领导领导领导责任

EN: Firmly grasp the correct orientation and focus on making it more attractive and influential.
ZH_REF: 牢牢把握正确导向，着力增强吸引力感染力。
ZH_HYP: 坚定地把握正确的方向,并注重使它更具吸引力和有影响力。

EN: All the regions and departments shall report the situation on studying, propagating and implementing the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress to
ZH_REF: 各地区各部门要及时将学习宣传贯彻党的十九大精神的情况
ZH_HYP: 各地区和部门应当报告中国共产党十九大中国共产党的实质内容的情况

EN: the the Party Central Committee promptly
ZH_REF: 报告党中央
ZH_HYP: 党中央

EN: So long as the whole Party and the people of all ethnic groups in the country unit as one and work hard, the gigantic ship for realizing the great rejuvenation of Chinese nation can, without question, brave the wind and waves and sail to the brilliant destination triumphantly.
ZH_REF: 只要全党全国各族人民团结一心、苦干实干，中华民族伟大复兴的巨轮就一定能够乘风破浪，胜利驶向光辉的彼岸。
ZH_HYP: 只要全国各族人民都能成为一劳无功,勤奋的,实现中华民族伟大复兴的巨大船舶,就能勇敢地勇敢地迎风风浪,驶向辉煌的目的地。

EN: The remarks made by the general secretary have gathered
ZH_REF: 总书记的话语极大的凝聚起了
ZH_HYP: 总秘书长的讲话

EN: the confidence and strength of the people across the country in remaining true to our original aspiration, keeping our mission firmly in mind and struggling in an unswerving way.
ZH_REF: 全国人民不忘初心、牢记使命、矢志奋斗的信心和力量。
ZH_HYP: 全国人民的信心和力量仍然保持着我们的原创,使我们的使命坚定地铭记着,在坚定不移地进行斗争。

EN: From the stone-gate buildings with great vicissitudes to a red boat on South Lake, Jiaxing, the Communist Party of China was born here
ZH_REF: 从饱经沧桑的石库门建筑，到嘉兴南湖的一叶红船，中国共产党从这里诞生
ZH_HYP: 从石门大楼的石门大楼的石门大楼,中国共产党在这里出生

EN: The 19th CPC National Congresses has drawn a splendid blueprint for the development cause of the Party and the state and ushered in a brand new era.
ZH_REF: 党的十九大，擘画了党和国家事业发展的宏伟蓝图，开启了一个崭新的时代。
ZH_HYP: 十九届国家大会为党和国家的发展事业了一个辉煌的蓝图,开创了崭新的时代。

EN: On October 31, General Secretary Xi Jinping led the members of the Standing Committee of the CPC Political Bureau to visit the site of the 1st National Congress of the CPC
ZH_REF: 十月三十一号，习近平总书记带领中央政治局常委瞻仰了一大会址
ZH_HYP: 10月31日,习近平总书记领导了中国共产党政治局的委员会成员

EN: The new collective leadership returned to the birthplace of the Party, which has also started a great earthshaking cause for revitalizing the nation in a new era.
ZH_REF: 新的领导集体又回到党的诞生地，也开启了我们新时代惊天动地的民族复兴的，一个伟大事业。
ZH_HYP: 新的集体领导回到了党的诞生地,这也是在新的时代振兴国家的伟大的伟大的。

EN: Make a due contribution to building a beautiful China in confidence, in the past days, the memorial of the 1st National Congress of the CPC in Shanghai
ZH_REF: 建设美丽中国的信心，为建设美丽中国做出我们应有的贡献，这两天，上海中共一大会址纪念馆
ZH_HYP: 在过去的日子里,中国共产党第1届全国代表大会的纪念馆的纪念

EN: has greeted a lot of visitors, who expressed their willing to follow the footsteps of the new collective leadership, study the history of the Party and go over the oath for joining the Party.
ZH_REF: 迎来了大批参观群众，大家表示要紧随新一届党中央领导集体的脚步，学习党的历史，重温入党誓词。
ZH_HYP: 许多来访者表示愿意跟随新的集体领导的脚步,研究党的历史,并为参加党的宣誓。

EN: Even I am not in good heath, but my husband promised to support me for the visit.
ZH_REF: 虽然我身体不太好，他说我拽着你也去。
ZH_HYP: 我我不在好,但我丈夫答应支持我的访问。

EN: In this case, I come here together with him.
ZH_REF: 我就跟着他一起来了，我们可以说
ZH_HYP: 在这种情况下,我和他一起一起。

EN: We joined the Party since the first year we entered the college. We have a firm belief. A person shall have such an idea and keep such a firm faith which shall bedeeply rooted in his heart.
ZH_REF: 就就从一进大学开始入党，就信念就非常的坚定，人总是心中还是要有这样的这样的想法，就是要坚定这样的信念，扎根在心里。
ZH_HYP: 我们从大学第一年就加入了,我们有一个坚定的信念,一个人的信念,坚定的信念,

EN: Only in this way can we offer better service for the country after we start to work in an organization.
ZH_REF: 我觉得才能以后更好的不管是走上工作岗位还是怎么样，才能更好地为社会为国家服务。
ZH_HYP: 只有这样,我们才能在一个组织工作后为国家提供更好的服务。

EN: Before a huge Party flag at the site of the 1st National Congress, General Secretary Xi Jinping led other members of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau to go over the oath for joining the Party.
ZH_REF: 在一大会址巨幅党旗前，习近平总书记带领其他常委同志集体重温入党誓词。
ZH_HYP: 在圣国大常委会的党旗前,习近平总书记率领政治局的其他成员参加了党。

EN: The general secretary said, “it is not hard to remember the oath, but it is difficult to hold fast to it for life. "
ZH_REF: 总书记说：入党誓词记住并不难，难的是终身坚守。
ZH_HYP: 总书记说:“记住记住誓言是不难,但它是难于生命。”

EN: The saying made Zhang Liming on the spot deeply moved.
ZH_REF: 这句话，让当时在场的张黎明深有感触。
ZH_HYP: 俗话说,张林在地深深地感动了.

EN: Joining the Party is very simple, but it is very difficult for you to conform to it for life. You need to make a great sacrifice. So, I feel that the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core has set a model for us,
ZH_REF: 一次入党是非常简单的，但是你要做一辈子按照这个做一辈子是非常非常困难的，是要做出巨大牺牲的，所以说我我觉得以习近平同志为核心的党中央，为我们做出了榜样，为我们
ZH_HYP: 你必须做出重大的牺牲,但你要为我们树立了榜样,

EN: The oath is just a mirror, on which we shall check ourselves frequently for rectifying our shortcomings, tempering our Party spirit and interpreting the belief in our heart through our concrete actions.
ZH_REF: 入党誓词是一面镜子，只有经常加以对照，以此修身正己锤炼党性，始终以实际行动诠释心中的信仰。
ZH_HYP: 誓言只是一面镜子,我们经常检查自己的缺点,纠正我们的的党的精神,并通过我们的具体行动来解释我们的信念。

EN: draw strength of struggling, bear the original aspiration and mission in mind, unit as one, work hard, and thoroughly comprehend the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress
ZH_REF: 汲取奋进的力量， 牢记共产党人的初心和使命，团结一心、苦干实干，真正把十九大精神学懂弄通
ZH_HYP: 努力,努力,把原创的愿望和使命,单位,努力,努力,彻底理解十九大的届次全国代表大会的本质

EN: To witness the scene, I feel more promising and more energetic. Next, we shall keep on learning and understanding
ZH_REF: 就在眼前更嗯感觉更有希望，那个动力更足，我们接下来的工作咧就是不断地学习，不断地去领会。
ZH_HYP: 为了见证现场,我觉得更有希望,更有精力充沛

EN: While comprehending, we also need to put it into practice.
ZH_REF: 领会的同时还要去实践。
ZH_HYP: 我们在理解,同时也需要实践。

EN: After Entering a new era, to carry out the new guidelines and start a new journey, we must give our firm support
ZH_REF: 进入新时代，贯彻新思想，踏上新征程，我们一定坚决拥护。
ZH_HYP: 进入新新时代,要新新的旅程,我们必须给予坚定的支持

EN: to the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core
ZH_REF: 以习近平同志为核心的党中央
ZH_HYP: 同志同志党中央委员会

EN: We believe
ZH_REF: 我们相信
ZH_HYP: 我们相信

EN: The 30th Meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress held a joint group meeting at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on the afternoon of the 2th.
ZH_REF: 十二届全国人大常委会第三十次会议二号下午在北京人民大会堂举行联组会议，结合审议全国人大常委会执法检查组
ZH_HYP: 第十二次全国人民代表大会常务委员会第三十次会议于2日下午,在北京人民大会堂举行了联合小组会议。

EN: Zhang Dejiang said, General Secretary Xi Jinping pointed out in the report of the 19th CPC National Congress that building an ecological civilization is a major program of millennium for ensuring the lasting and sustainable development of the Chinese nation,
ZH_REF: 张德江说，习近平总书记在十九大报告中指出，建设生态文明是中华民族永续发展的千年大计
ZH_HYP: 张德江总书记习近平在第19届全国代表大会报告中指出,建设生态文明是确保中华民族持续发展的一个重要方案,

EN: highlighting that more efforts shall be made in improving solid waste and refuse disposal.
ZH_REF: 强调要加强固体废弃物和垃圾处置。
ZH_HYP: 强调应作出更多努力,改善固体废物和垃圾处理。

EN: We shall build up and carry out the concept that beautiful scenery is the gold and silver mines.
ZH_REF: 我们要树立和践行绿水青山就是金山银山的理念
ZH_HYP: 我们将建立和贯彻执行美景,即金色矿山.

EN: Comprehensively implement the Law on the Prevention and Control of Pollution Caused by Solid Wastes, solve pressing problems related to environment, win the war against pollution prevention and control,
ZH_REF: 全面贯彻实施固体废物污染环境防治法，着力解决突出环境问题，坚决打赢污染防治攻坚战
ZH_HYP: 全面落实固体废物污染造成的污染防治法,解决环境污染防治的问题,赢得防治污染防治的战争,

EN: accelerate the promotion of green development, move faster to create a new pattern of modernization featuring a harmonic development between man and nature so as to better meet the people's ever-growing material and cultural needs for a beautiful ecological environment.
ZH_REF: 加快推进绿色发展，推动形成人与自然和谐发展的现代化建设新格局，更好满足人民日益增长的优美生态环境需要。
ZH_HYP: 加快促进绿色发展,加快发展新的现代化模式,以实现人与自然和谐的的发展,更好地满足人民的不断增长的物质和文化需求。

EN: Promote the overall improvement of ecological environment; we shall take prevention and control of solid waste pollution as a powerful measure of green development for promoting the formation of spatial pattern, industrial structure, mode of production and life style of resource conversation and environmental protection
ZH_REF: 促进生态环境整体改善；要把防治固体废物污染作为实现绿色发展的有力抓手，促进形成节约资源和保护环境的空间格局、产业结构、生产方式、生活方式
ZH_HYP: 促进生态环境总体改善,防治固体废物污染,作为促进空间格局、产业结构、生产方式和生活方式的的有力措施

EN: During the inquiry on special topics, the members of relevant speical committee and standing committee of the NPC made relevant inquiries on what kind of measures would be adopted by the State Council on preventing and controlling solid waste pollution,
ZH_REF: 专题询问中，全国人大有关专门委员会委员和常委会委员分别就国务院将采取哪些措施依法防治固体废物污染
ZH_HYP: 在调查专题期间,全国人大常委会和全国人民代表大会常务委员会委员就国务院采取何种措施,防止和固体废物污染,

EN: inhibiting the increment, reducing the existing pollution and pushing hard to ensure success in pollution prevention and control.
ZH_REF: 遏制增量、减少存量，切实打好污染防治攻坚战；
ZH_HYP: 抑制增量、减少现有的污染,并努力确保污染污染和控制的成功。

EN: What measures will be taken in strengthening the disposal and oversight of hazardous wastes
ZH_REF: 将采取哪些措施强化危险废物处置和监管
ZH_HYP: 将采取何种措施来加强对危险废物的处置和监督

EN: How to improve the level of industrial solid waste resource comprehensive utilization
ZH_REF: 如何提高工业固体废物资源综合利用水平；
ZH_HYP: 如何提高工业固体废物资源综合利用水平

EN: How to coordinate the urban and rural domestic refuse disposal, promote the change of construction wastes into valuables and strengthen the publicity and education
ZH_REF: 如何统筹城乡生活垃圾处理，推动建筑垃圾变废为宝，加强宣传教育
ZH_HYP: 如何协调城乡垃圾垃圾,促进建设废物的建设,加强宣传教育

EN: Push ahead with implementation of refuse classification system;
ZH_REF: 推进垃圾分类制度落地；
ZH_HYP: 推进实施垃圾分类系统;

EN: What measures will be taken in further improving the agricultural waste harmless disposal and resource utilization
ZH_REF: 将采取哪些措施进一步提高农业废弃物无害化处理和资源化利用率
ZH_HYP: 将采取哪些措施,进一步改善农业废物无害处置和资源利用

EN: how to promote the settlement of solid waste polluton arisen from excessive packaging, assign the responsiblities of producers in recycling and disposal and solve the problem of environmental pollution brought about by illegal dismantling of discarded electronic products
ZH_REF: 对如何推动解决过度包装产生的固体废物污染，落实生产者回收处置责任，解决非法拆解处理废弃电子产品带来的环境污染问题
ZH_HYP: 如何促进过度包装、处理的污染,并解决非法拆解电子产品的环境污染问题,并解决因非法拆解电子产品而带来的环境污染问题

EN: How to improve the waste charging system and take effective measures in strengthening the oversight of medical waste disposal.
ZH_REF: 如何完善垃圾收费制度，采取有效措施加强医疗废物处理的监管等问题提出询问。
ZH_HYP: 如何改进废物收费制度,并采取有效措施加强对医疗废物的监督。

EN: The State Councilor Wang Yong and heads of relevant departments are present at the meeting upon request.
ZH_REF: 国务委员王勇和有关部门负责人到会应询。
ZH_HYP: 国务院国务院王勇和有关部门的负责人应要求出席会议。

EN: Wang Yong noted that the State Council and relevant departments will continue to thoroughly study and implement the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress
ZH_REF: 王勇表示，国务院及有关部门将继续深入学习贯彻党的十九大精神
ZH_HYP: 王勇指出,国务院和有关部门将继续深入研究和落实第19届全国代表大会的精神

EN: and push hard to ensure success in pollution prevention and control.
ZH_REF: 坚决打好污染防治攻坚战。
ZH_HYP: 并努力确保污染防治工作取得成功。

EN: Unswervingly press ahead with solid waste pollution prevention and control in accordance with the law, conscientiously accept the oversight of the NPC,
ZH_REF: 坚定不移地依法推进固体废物污染防治工作，认真接受人大监督
ZH_HYP: 坚定不移地依法积极地防止和控制污染,认真地接受全国人大的监督,

EN: make specific arrangement to solve acute problems in environment
ZH_REF: 切实解决突出环境问题
ZH_HYP: 作出具体安排,解决环境中的问题

EN: The Eighth Plenary Session of the South-to-North Water Diversion Project Construction Committee under the State Council was held on November 2 in Beijing. Zhang Gaoli, Vice Premier of the State Council and Director of the South-to-North Water Diversion Project Construction Committee under the State Council,
ZH_REF: 国务院南水北调工程建设委员会第八次全体会议二号在北京召开，国务院副总理、国务院南水北调工程建设委员会主任张高丽
ZH_HYP: 国务院南水改建委员会第八届会议于11月2日在北京举行。国务院副总理张gaoli、国务院副总理、国务院北北北调工程建设委员会副总理张gaoli)在

EN: further unified the thought, recognition and action intothe major decisions and deploymentof the Party Central Committee with comrade Xi Jinping as the core, stressing that we should dare to shoulder our responsibilities and strive to make continuous progresses.
ZH_REF: 进一步把思想认识行动统一到以习近平同志为核心的党中央重大决策部署上来，勇于担当、奋发有为
ZH_HYP: 进一步统一思想、承认和行动,同习近平同志党中央委员会的核心,强调我们应当承担起责任,不断进步。

EN: Aftera positive affirmation of the achievements in the work of the South-to-North Water Diversion Project, Zhang Gaoli stressed that we should continue to make great efforts in fulfilling the work of South-to-North Water Diversion Project in an all-round way
ZH_REF: 在充分肯定南水北调工程工作取得的成绩后，张高丽强调，要继续扎实做好南水北调工程各项工作。
ZH_HYP: 张高利强调,积极地确认了北北北工程工程工程的成果,并强调,我们应继续大力推进南北北工程工程的工作

EN: We should strengthen safety management to ensure the smooth operation of the project.
ZH_REF: 要加强安全管理，保证工程平稳运行。
ZH_HYP: 加强安全管理,确保工程顺利进行.

EN: We should strengthen to the supervision and protection of the water to ensure that the water quality is stable and up to standards. We should provide enough assistance to the immigrants,
ZH_REF: 要强化监测保护，确保调水水质稳定达标。要做好移民帮扶
ZH_HYP: 加强水的监督和保护,确保水质稳定,达到标准,我们应向移民提供足够的援助,

EN: and promote the immigrants toachieve a comfortable life with the local people synchronously
ZH_REF: 促进移民和当地群众同步实现小康。
ZH_HYP: 同时,和当地人同步生活

EN: We should optimize the allocation and dispatching of water amount among provinces, to serve major strategies such as the coordinated development of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei Province and the Yangtze River Economic Belt development, and
ZH_REF: 要优化水量省际配置和调度，服务京津冀协同发展、长江经济带发展等重大战略
ZH_HYP: 优化各省水量分配和分配,为北京、天津、河北省和长江经济发展等重大战略服务,

EN: to ensure the demand for water of the construction and development in Xiong'an New area.
ZH_REF: 保障好雄安新区建设发展用水需求。
ZH_HYP: 确保西安市建设和开发的水需求.

EN: We should establish a good water-saving, water-diversion and water-using mechanism, and promote the project to give full play to its benefits
ZH_REF: 要建立良好的节水、调水和用水机制，推动工程充分发挥效益。
ZH_HYP: 建立良好的节水、水、用水机制,促进项目充分发挥其效益

EN: We should promote the in-depth research and demonstration, and advance the preparations of the follow-up project in an orderly way.
ZH_REF: 要深入研究论证，有序推进后续工程建设准备工作。
ZH_HYP: 推进深入研究和示范,推进后续项目的筹备工作。

EN: Wang Yang pointed out that the South-to-North Water Diversion Project had made great achievement since its establishment and operation, which once again validated China’s political advantages and institutional superiorities.
ZH_REF: 汪洋指出，南水北调工程建成运营并取得巨大成效，再次验证了我国的政治优势和制度优势。
ZH_HYP: 王阳指出,自北北水道工程自成立和运行以来取得了巨大的成就,再次证明了中国的政治优势和制度优越性。

EN: We should carefully summarize the good experience and deeds accumulated in the construction and operation of the project, to speed up the establishment of a management system and a operation mechanism adapted to the requirements of the new era,
ZH_REF: 要认真总结工程建设和运营积累的好经验、好做法，加快建立适应新时代要求的管理体制和运行机制
ZH_HYP: 我们要认真总结工程建设的建设和运行过程中积累的良好经验和经验,适应适应新时代的要求,

EN: build the South-to-North Water Diversion Project into a corridor with clear water and greenness, and promote the project to benefit the people and society for the long run.
ZH_REF: 把南水北调工程打造成清水走廊、绿色走廊，让工程长期造福人民、造福社会。
ZH_HYP: 将南水水水工程建设为水水、油水、水,促进长远长远的项目。

EN: We should increase the assistance for immigrants in the reservoir area,
ZH_REF: 要加大对库区移民的帮扶力度
ZH_HYP: 我们应该增加对储藏区移民的援助,

EN: so that they won’t lag behind in the journey of building a moderately prosperous society in all respects.
ZH_REF: 确保他们在全面建成小康社会中不掉队。
ZH_HYP: 因此,在在所有方面建设小康社会的旅程中落后。

EN: but also called to carry out the thought of strengthening the army in the new era and building up the world’s leading military.
ZH_REF: 从贯彻新时代强军思想到建设世界一流军队，为官兵进行了他的第一场宣讲。
ZH_HYP: 但也呼吁要在新时代加强军队,建设世界领先的军队。

EN: President Xi pointed out that
ZH_REF: 习主席讲
ZH_HYP: 主席指出,

EN: a military is built to fight,
ZH_REF: 军队是要准备打仗的
ZH_HYP: 一军队是为了战斗而建造的。

EN: and our military must regard combat capability as the criterion to meet in all its work
ZH_REF: 一切工作都必须坚持战斗的标准
ZH_HYP: 我们的军队必须把作战能力视为所有工作的标准

EN: and focus on how to win when it is called on.
ZH_REF: 向能打仗，打胜仗聚焦。
ZH_HYP: 并关注如何在它的时候获得胜利。

EN: In the spirit of the 19th NPC National Congress, I came back to convey President Xi’s instructions to the hearts of every officer and soldier.
ZH_REF: 这次回来我就是要把主席的嘱托，传递到每名官兵的心中。
ZH_HYP: 本着第19届全国人民代表大会的精神,我回到了向习近平的指示,让他对每一位军官和士兵的心。

EN: were particularly noteworthy.
ZH_REF: 格外吸引大家的关注。
ZH_HYP: 特别值得注意。

EN: As a representative of the grass-roots, I think we should interpret the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress to the soldiers in the most straightforward language,
ZH_REF: 作为一名基层代表，我想就应该用战士的语言，最直白的的话去解读
ZH_HYP: 作为基层代表,我认为我们应该以最直截的语言向士兵解释第19届全国代表大会的精神,

EN: help resolve their questions and doubts, guide them to comprehend the essence of the spirit based on reality, and implement the spirit into their battle stations.
ZH_REF: 帮助他们答疑解惑，让他们联系实际去理解，结合战位去落实。
ZH_HYP: 帮助解决他们的问题和疑虑,引导他们以现实为基础,并将精神精神进入其战场。

EN: We have learned a great deal from the early study of the 19th CPC National Congress report,
ZH_REF: 之前学习十九大报告的时候，很多东西虽然都知道
ZH_HYP: 我们从第19届全国代表大会的报告中,了很多东西,

EN: and developed a clearer understanding and knowledge of our responsibilities in the new era.
ZH_REF: 对于新时代自己的岗位任务有了更清楚的理解和认识。
ZH_HYP: 并对我们在新时代的责任的了更明确的认识和了解。

EN: Wen Guoliang, the delegate to the 19th CPC National Congress and the commander of a ground-to-ship missile legion of the East China Sea Fleet explained to the new soldiers the new thoughts in the 19th CPC National Congress report.
ZH_REF: 十九大代表海军东海舰队某基地岸导团营长温国良向刚入伍的新战士讲述报告中的新思想。
ZH_HYP: 中国国国国国、十九国共十九大军舰队舰队舰队军舰军团司令部的军舰军团的军团向新兵解释了新的思想。

EN: New mission, new goals
ZH_REF: 新使命、新目标
ZH_HYP: 新的目标

EN: Exchanged learning experiences with the new soldiers and shared with them the growing-up stories.
ZH_REF: 与新兵交流学习心得、共话成长故事。
ZH_HYP: 与新士兵交流学习经验,并与他们分享不断成长的故事。

EN: To study and implement the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress is to become a New Age navy sailor that is ready to shoulder the important missions of building a strong army,
ZH_REF: 学习贯彻十九大精神，就是要争做勇担强军重任的新时代水兵
ZH_HYP: 研究和实施十九届全国代表大会的精神,是成为新的海军海军水手,准备肩负着建设一支强大军的重要任务,

EN: dedicate his youth and enthusiasm to building Chinese navy into the world’s leading military, and devote himself heart and soul to promoting the realization of the Chinese dream and the dream of building a powerful military.
ZH_REF: 为建成世界一流军队，奉献青春，为实现中国梦、强军梦贡献力量。
ZH_HYP: 把青年的热情和热情建设中国海军,世界的军事力量,并将心全意地推动中国梦想的实现和建设强大的军事力量。

EN: For the questions raised by the soldiers, Zhang Yanbing, the delegate to the 19th CPC National Congress and the assistant engineer of the Data Information Office of Jilin Military Region, said that
ZH_REF: 十九大代表，吉林省军区数据信息室助理工程师张燕兵，面对官兵提出的一个个问题
ZH_HYP: 对19届全国代表大会的代表张严兵兵和吉林军事区数据信息助理工程师张严岩说

EN: it was not only necessary to study and propagate the 19th CPC National Congress spirit well, but also important to put the spirit into action and motivate the officers and soldiers at the grassroots to shoulder their responsibilities in the new era.
ZH_REF: 不仅要把十九大的精神学习好、宣传好，更要用行动带动好，让基层官兵肩负起新时代青年官兵的责任与担当。
ZH_HYP: 不仅要研究和宣传十九国共全国代表大会精神,而且要把精神精神付诸行动,激励基层的军官和士兵在新时代的责任。

EN: In order to help the officers and soldiers better understand the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress,
ZH_REF: 为帮助官兵学深悟透十九大精神
ZH_HYP: 为了帮助军官和士兵更好地理解第19届全国代表大会的精神,

EN: Liu Rui, the delegate to the 19th CPC National Congress and the regimental commander of an air force aviation region in the Southern Theater Command, have done a great deal of work.
ZH_REF: 十九大代表、南部战区空军航空兵某团团长刘锐精心整理宣讲资料。
ZH_HYP: 刘刘易代表刘易代表、南方指挥部空军空军空军司令部的代表刘刘芳做了大量工作。

EN: He carefully collated the propaganda materials, prepared multiple propaganda outlines for different groups, interpreted to the officers and soldiers the key words of the 19th CPC National Congress report, and construed the essences of the report in a coherent and systematic manner,
ZH_REF: 针对不同的群体认真准备多份宣讲提纲，为官兵解读十九大报告关键词，串讲十九大报告精髓要义
ZH_HYP: 他仔细整理了宣传材料,为不同团体编制了多的宣传大纲,将《全国代表大会报告》的关键词解释为军官和士兵,并对报告的内容进行了一致、有系统的解释,

EN: so as to continuously reinforce their understanding of the essence and spirit of the report.
ZH_REF: 不断深化学习理解。
ZH_HYP: 为了不断加深对报告的本质和精神的了解。

EN: President Xi pointed out that a military is built to fight, and our military must regard combat capability
ZH_REF: 习主席在十九大报告当中指出，军队是要准备打仗的，一切工作
ZH_HYP: 习近平指出,军队是为了作战而我们的军队必须必须作战能力

EN: as the criterion to meet in all its work and focus on how to win when it is called on.
ZH_REF: 必须坚持战斗力标准，要向能打仗、打胜仗聚焦。
ZH_HYP: 作为标准,在所有工作中,并将重点放在如何赢得的时候。

EN: People should set a good example for the officers and soldiers with their actual deeds,
ZH_REF: 人们更要用自己的实际行动做好表率，让官兵按照十九大
ZH_HYP: 人们应该为军官和士兵树立一个好的榜样。

EN: and guide them to constantly improve their capabilities and fighting abilities towards the goal of building a powerful nation and military established in the 19th CPC National Congress, and shoulder the great missions of the new era entrusted by the party and the people.
ZH_REF: 确立的强国强军目标，不断地提高自身能力素质和打赢本领，担当起党和人民赋予的新时代使命任务
ZH_HYP: 引导他们不断提高能力,打击能力,建设十九大国国民大会建设,肩肩负党和人民新时代的伟大使命。

EN: Tomorrow’s People Daily will publish a commentator’s article with the title of “Pushing Forward the Overall Layout of Five-in-One in the New Era——
ZH_REF: 明天出版的人民日报将发表评论员文章，题目是统筹推进新时代五位一体总体布局
ZH_HYP: 明天的人民日将发表评论家文章,题目是“在新时代的的———

EN: The Sixth Essay on Studying and Implementing the Spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress”.
ZH_REF: 六论学习贯彻党的十九大精神
ZH_HYP: 第六项关于研究和实施《十九大国代表大会精神》。

EN: Xinhua reported, the Central Committee of the Democratic parties, the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, and the personages without party affiliation are seriously studying and implementing the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress.
ZH_REF: 本台消息，新华社今天播发综合报道，各民主党派中央、全国工商联和无党派人士认真学习贯彻中共十九大精神。
ZH_HYP: 新华社报道,,中国民主党派中央委员会、全工工会和无党派人士认真研究和贯彻落实十九大精神。

EN: The first China International Import Expo will be held in Shanghai from November 5th-10th, 2018.
ZH_REF: 首届中国国际进口博览会将于二零一八年十一月五号到十号在上海举行。
ZH_HYP: 中国国际进口博览会将于2018年11月5日至10日在上海举行。

EN: This is a major decision made by China to push forward a new round of high-level opening
ZH_REF: 这是我国推进新一轮高水平对外开放
ZH_HYP: 这是中国推动新一轮高级别开幕的一项重大决定

EN: to the outside world.
ZH_REF: 做出的一项重大决策
ZH_HYP: 对世界。

EN: By then, the enterprises from more than 100 nations and regions will be present at the exposition.
ZH_REF: 届时将有一百多个国家和地区的企业参展。
ZH_HYP: 到那时,100多个国家和地区的企业将呈现出展览会.

EN: Xinhua Insight: Documentary of President Xi Jinping’s Attendance at the G20 Summit in Hangzhou”.
ZH_REF: 其中新华社通讯，弄潮儿向涛头立习近平主席出席二十国集团领导人杭州峰会系列活动纪实 。
ZH_HYP: 新华华:西安宁总统出席20国集团峰会的纪录片。

EN: Four works including the CCTV news—“Xi Jinping Stressed Respecting the Nature, Following the Nature, Protecting the Nature and Firmly Consolidating the National Ecological Security Barrier” were awarded the Special Prize.
ZH_REF: 中央电视台的消息《习近平在青海考察时强调尊重自然顺应自然保护自然坚决筑牢国家生态安全屏障》等四件作品获得特别奖。
ZH_HYP: 其中四个工作包括中央电视台新闻——“习近平强调尊重自然性质,保护自然,保护国家生态安全屏障”。

EN: Beijing-Shenyang High-speed Rail is the final episode of China’s Four-Vertical and Four-Horizontal high-speed network.
ZH_REF: 京沈高铁是我国四纵四横高铁网的收官之作。
ZH_HYP: 北京-沈阳高速铁是中国四大水平的四水平高速铁路。

EN: After opening to traffic, the journey from Beijing to Shenyang will be shortened to
ZH_REF: 通车后，北京至沈阳运行时间
ZH_HYP: 开放到交通,北京到沈阳的旅程将缩短缩短

EN: just about two and a half hours.
ZH_REF: 将缩短至两个半小时左右
ZH_HYP: 大约两点半小时。

EN: President Erdogan, the chairman of the Justice and Development Party of Turkey, said in his letter of greetings , “I sincerely congratulate you on your re-election as the general secretary of the CPC Central Committee.
ZH_REF: 土耳其正义与发展党主席、总统埃尔多安在贺函中表示，我谨衷心祝贺阁下再次当选中共中央总书记。
ZH_HYP: 土耳其司法与发展党主席埃尔多安总统在致信中表示:“我衷心祝贺你当选为中共中央书记。

EN: I would be committed to strengthening and enhancing the cooperation between our two countries in various fields under the framework of the Arab-China comprehensive strategic partnership and achieving the common interests of the two peoples.”
ZH_REF: 致力于在阿中全面战略伙伴关系框架下加强和提升两国各领域合作，实现友好的两国人民的共同利益。
ZH_HYP: 我将致力于在阿拉伯全面战略伙伴关系框架下加强和加强两国两国的合作。

EN: President Guelleh, the president of the Djibouti League for Progressive People, said in his letter of greetings , “your re-election has fully demonstrated
ZH_REF: 吉布提争取进步人民联盟主席、总统盖莱在贺函中表示，您的再次当选充分表明
ZH_HYP: 吉布提人民联盟主席,吉布提人民联盟主席,在致信中表示:“你的当选已经充分证明了

EN: your support from the whole party.
ZH_REF: 您得到全党拥护和支持
ZH_HYP: 你的支持全党的支持。

EN: I believe that under your wise leadership, China's development in all areas will continue to make new and greater achievements,
ZH_REF: 相信在您的英明领导下，中国各领域发展必将不断取得新的更大成就。
ZH_HYP: 我相信,在你的英明领导下,中国的发展将继续取得新的、更大的成就,

EN: and the international influence will be further enhanced.”
ZH_REF: 国际影响力必将进一步得到提升
ZH_HYP: 国际影响力将得到进一步的。

EN: Brazilian President Ditmeyer said in greetings , “I would like to extend my warm congratulations on your re-election as general secretary of the CPC Central Committee and wish you much success in your new term.
ZH_REF: 巴西总统特梅尔在贺函中表示，我谨对您连任中共中央总书记表示热烈祝贺，祝愿您在新的任期取得更大成就。
ZH_HYP: 巴西总统迪梅尔表示:“我对你当选为中共中央央央大选,祝愿你在新任期内取得圆满成功。

EN: I will continue to push forward the comprehensive strategic partnership between Pakistan and China.”
ZH_REF: 我将继续推动巴中全面战略伙伴关系继续前进。
ZH_HYP: 我将继续推动巴基斯坦与中国的全面战略伙伴关系。

EN: Brunei Sultan Hassannar said in his letter of greetings, “China's economic development has achieved remarkable achievements and
ZH_REF: 文莱苏丹哈桑纳尔在贺函中表示，在阁下的英明领导下，中国经济发展取得卓越成就。
ZH_HYP: 文莱达鲁萨兰国哈桑·哈桑纳尔在致问候信中说,“中国的经济发展取得了显著的成就和

EN: people's living standards has been continulously improved
ZH_REF: 人民生活水平持续提高
ZH_HYP: 人们的生活水平不断改进

EN: under your wise leadership, I am confident that your country will continue to make progress towards the Chinese dream and contribute to the achievement of the United Nations
ZH_REF: 相信贵国将在实现中国梦的征程上不断取得进步，并为实现联合国可持续发展目标
ZH_HYP: 在你的英明领导下,我相信,你们的国家将继续在中国的梦想,为实现联合国的贡献

EN: Sustainable Development goals.
ZH_REF: 作出贡献
ZH_HYP: 可持续发展目标。

EN: President of Afghanistan, Ghani said in his letter of greetings , “your re-election as general secretary of the CPC Central Committee has fully reflected that all CPC members and the Chinese people......
ZH_REF: 阿富汗总统加尼在贺函中表示，阁下再次当选中共中央总书记，充分反映了中国共产党全体党员和中国人民
ZH_HYP: 阿富汗总统加尼在致信中表示:“你当选为中共中央书记,充分反映了中国共产党党员和中国人民........

EN: Maldivian President Yaming said in his letter of greetings , “the important decisions made at the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China will make the ......that you drew......,
ZH_REF: 马尔代夫总统亚明在贺函中表示，中共十九大作出的重要决定将使阁下描绘的
ZH_HYP: 马尔代夫总统马尔夫在致以问候,“中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会上作出的重要决定将使你的...................

EN: and continuous to develop.
ZH_REF: 不断发展
ZH_HYP: 而且不断发展。

EN: There are also congratulatory messages or greetings from:
ZH_REF: 发来贺电或贺函的还有
ZH_HYP: 此外,还向下列人士发出贺词或问候:

EN: King Abdullah of Jordan
ZH_REF: 约旦国王阿卜杜拉二世
ZH_HYP: 约旦国王阿卜杜拉

EN: President Aoun of Lebanon
ZH_REF: 黎巴嫩总统奥恩
ZH_HYP: 黎巴嫩总统

EN: President Meta of Albania
ZH_REF: 阿尔巴尼亚总统梅塔
ZH_HYP: 阿尔巴尼亚元塔

EN: The chairman-in-office of the Bosnia and Herzegovina presidency, Covic
ZH_REF: 波黑主席团轮值主席乔维奇
ZH_HYP: 波斯尼亚和黑塞哥维那主席团主席

EN: Chairman of Malaysia National Front and the Prime Minister Najib
ZH_REF: 马来西亚国民阵线主席政府总理纳吉布
ZH_HYP: 马来西亚国民阵线主席

EN: The leader of National People's Congress of Papua New Guinea and the prime Minister, O ' Neill
ZH_REF: 巴布亚新几内亚人民全国代表大会党领袖政府总理奥尼尔
ZH_HYP: 巴布亚新几内亚全国人民大会和总理

EN: Chairman of the Vanuatu Unification Movement and the government prime minister, Salvai
ZH_REF: 瓦努阿图统一运动改良党主席政府总理萨尔维
ZH_HYP: 瓦努阿图统一运动主席和政府总理

EN: The leader of the new National Party of Grenada and the Prime Minister, Mitchell
ZH_REF: 格林纳达新民族党领袖政府总理米切尔
ZH_HYP: 新的格林纳达和总理米切尔

EN: Chairman of the Lebanese Amal Movement, Speaker Berri, etc.
ZH_REF: 黎巴嫩阿迈勒运动主席议长贝里等
ZH_HYP: 黎巴嫩amal运动主席、议长berri等

EN: October 30, two resolutions were adopted at the meeting of the First Committee in charge of Disarmament and International Security Affairs at the 72nd session of the United Nations General Assembly.
ZH_REF: 十月三十号，第七十二届联合国大会负责裁军和国际安全事务的第一委员会会议通过两份决议。
ZH_HYP: 10月30日,在第一委员会第一委员会会议上通过了两项决议。

EN: These two resolutions, "Prevention ofarms race in outer space" and "not to place weapons first in outer space",
ZH_REF: 这两份决议分别是不首先在外空放置武器和防止外空军备竞赛进一步切实措施。
ZH_HYP: 这两项决议"防止外层空间的防止外层空间",

EN: are to push forward and strengthen the international cooperation in outer space for the purpose of peace,
ZH_REF: 促进和加强以和平为目的的外层空间国际合作
ZH_HYP: 推动和加强外层空间的国际合作,

EN: manifesting the wide recognition of international community and the significant contribution of China’s proposal made to the global governance.
ZH_REF: 体现了国际社会的广泛认可，也彰显了中国方案对全球治理所做的重要贡献。
ZH_HYP: 对国际社会的广泛承认,中国对全球治理的建议作出了重大贡献。

EN: Therefore, we welcome the concept of China.
ZH_REF: 因此，我们欢迎中国的理念。
ZH_HYP: 因此,我们欢迎中国的概念。

EN: Arurom, president of the First Committee of the 72nd session of the United Nations General Assembly also stressed that China's concept of "building a community of shared future for mankind" is
ZH_REF: 第七十二届联大第一委员会主席阿鲁罗姆也强调，构建人类命运共同体理念
ZH_HYP: 联合国第一委员会第一委员会主席,阿鲁姆还强调,中国“建设人类共享未来的概念”的概念是

EN: forward-looking and
ZH_REF: 具有前瞻性
ZH_HYP: 前瞻性和

EN: effective in solve the dilemma of global security governance, and it should be promoted in the multilateral field.
ZH_REF: 是破解全球安全治理困境的有效办法，应该在多边领域加以推广。
ZH_HYP: 有效地解决全球安全治理的困境,并应在多边领域促进。

EN: The international news bulletins are next.
ZH_REF: 下面请看一组国际快讯。
ZH_HYP: 国际新闻公告讯.

EN: Russian President Vladimir Putin visited Iran on November 1 to meet with Iran president Ruhani and Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
ZH_REF: 在伊朗访问的俄罗斯总统普京一号分别与伊朗总统鲁哈尼和伊朗最高领袖哈梅内伊举行会晤。
ZH_HYP: 俄罗斯总统普京11月1日访问伊朗,会见了伊朗总统鲁哈尼和伊朗最高领袖哈梅内伊。

EN: Putin said that Russia opposed any unilateral action which might change the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action on Iran’s nuclear issues,
ZH_REF: 普京表示，俄罗斯反对任何改变伊朗核问题全面协议的单边行动。
ZH_HYP: 普京说,俄罗斯反对任何可能改变伊朗核问题的联合行动计划。

EN: and it was unacceptable that some countries did not recognize the plan.
ZH_REF: 某些国家不承认这一多边协议的行为不可接受。
ZH_HYP: 有些国家不承认这一计划是不可接受的。

EN: It would bring more uncertainty to the implementation of the Iran’s nuclear plan.
ZH_REF: 给伊核协议的履行带来了不确定性
ZH_HYP: 这将给伊朗的核计划带来更多的不确定性。

EN: Push forward global clean development, power interconnection and other top ten initiatives to accelerate global energy interconnection.
ZH_REF: 在全球推进清洁发展、电网互联等十大行动，加快全球能源互联互通。
ZH_HYP: 推动全球清洁发展、电力互联互通等十大举措,以加快全球能源互联互通。

EN: Embargo against Cuba is a "flagrant, massive and systematic" violation and has brought inestimable losses to Cuba.
ZH_REF: 公然的、大规模的、系统的侵犯，封锁给古巴带来了难以估量的损失
ZH_HYP: 对古巴的封锁是"公然、大规模和有系统的"的行为,给古巴带来了不可估量的损失。

EN: 3 people were killed in a shooting at a Wal-Mart supermarket on the outskirts of Denver, the capital of Colorado State in the United States,
ZH_REF: 当地时间一号傍晚，北京时间今天上午，美国科罗拉多州首府丹佛市郊区的一家沃尔玛超市
ZH_HYP: 在美国丹佛州的丹佛市的一个超市的超市的枪杀。

EN: on the evening of November 1 local time, this morning Beijing time.
ZH_REF: 发生枪击，造成三人死亡
ZH_HYP: 11月1日晚,北京时间。

EN: After the incident, the police evacuated the crowd in the supermarket and stepped up their vigilance in the surrounding area.
ZH_REF: 事发后警方疏散了超市内的人群，并在周边地区加强戒备。
ZH_HYP: 事件发生后,警方把人群疏散了,并在周围地区提高警觉。

EN: Local police said a suspect was at large and the police had launched a search operation.
ZH_REF: 当地警方称，一名嫌疑人在逃，警方已经展开搜寻行动。
ZH_HYP: 当地警方说,一名嫌疑人在逃,警方已经开始了搜查行动。

EN: The nature of the incident and the motive of the gunman
ZH_REF: 有关事件的性质，及枪手行凶动机
ZH_HYP: 事件的性质和枪手的动机

EN: are still under investigation.
ZH_REF: 仍在调查中
ZH_HYP: 仍在调查中。

EN: Tonight's Xinwen Lianbo broadcast has concluded. Thank you for watching.
ZH_REF: 今天的新闻联播播送完了，感谢收看。
ZH_HYP: 今晚的新安安博广播已经结束。

EN: For more news updates, download our new mobile app. For the download address, search
ZH_REF: 获取更多新闻资讯您还可以关注央视新闻移动网，下载地址可搜索
ZH_HYP: 为了更多的新的,下载下载下载下载

EN: CCTV News plus, we’ll see you later
ZH_REF: 央视新闻加，观众朋友再见
ZH_HYP: 闭路电视台,我们会再见到你

EN: Goodbye.
ZH_REF: 再见。
ZH_HYP: 再见。

EN: Good evening, viewers.
ZH_REF: 各位观众晚上好。
ZH_HYP: 晚安,观众。

EN: Good evening.
ZH_REF: 晚上好。
ZH_HYP: 晚安。

EN: Today is Friday, November 3rd, and the 15th day of ninth month of the Lunar Calendar. Welcome to Xinwen Lianbo.
ZH_REF: 今天是十一月三号星期五农历九月十五，欢迎收看新闻联播节目。
ZH_HYP: 今天是11月3日,星期五,月十五日,欢迎来到新安。

EN: In tonight's program, we will cover the following main content.
ZH_REF: 首先为您介绍今天节目的主要内容。
ZH_HYP: 在今晚的节目中,我们将内容如下:

EN: President Xi, in his inspection of the JMC's Joint Operations Command center, stressed that “Strengthen the bright direction of war preparation, and comprehensively enhance winning ability of the new era”
ZH_REF: 习近平在视察军委联合作战指挥中心时强调，强化备战打仗的鲜明导向，全面提高新时代打赢能力。
ZH_HYP: 西安总统在联合联合联合联合行动中心的检查中强调,“加强战争准备的方向,全面加强新时代的胜利能力”

EN: President Xi Jinping will attend the 25th APEC leaders’ informal meeting and pay a state visit to Vietnam and Laos
ZH_REF: 习近平将出席亚太经合组织第二十五次领导人非正式会议，并对越南、老挝进行国事访问。
ZH_HYP: 习近平主席将出席第25次亚太经合组织领导人非正式会议,并对越南和老挝进行国家访问

EN: Entrusted by CPC Central Committee and General Secretary Xi Jinping,
ZH_REF: 受中共中央
ZH_HYP: 总委会中央委员会和总书记习近平

EN: International Department of Central Committee of CPC and General Office of the CPC Central Committee deliver the publication.
ZH_REF: 和习近平总书记委托，中共中央办公厅，中共中央对外联络部发表公告。
ZH_HYP: 中国共产党中央委员会国际中央委员会总书记发表。

EN: Li Keqiang has made important instructions to the Winter and Spring Water Conservancy Infrastructure Teleconference. Wang Yang attended the meeting and delivered a speech.
ZH_REF: 李克强对全国冬春农田水利基本建设电视电话会议作出重要批示，汪洋出席会议并讲话。
ZH_HYP: 李克强对冬季和春季水利基础设施电话会议的重要重要的指导。

EN: Premier Li Keqiang meets with Bill Gates.
ZH_REF: 李克强会见比尔盖茨。
ZH_HYP: 李克强与比尔盖茨会面.

EN: The 12th session of the NPC Standing Committee
ZH_REF: 十二届全国人大常委会
ZH_HYP: 全国人民代表大会常务委员会第十二届会议

EN: Apologize for the Chinese Exclusion in history.
ZH_REF: 就历史上的排华行为，作出道歉。
ZH_HYP: 为历史上的排斥道歉。

EN: Next, please watch the details.
ZH_REF: 接下来请您收看详细内容。
ZH_HYP: 下请看细节。

EN: Xi Jinping, general secretary of the CPC Central Committee, President of the Military commission, chairman of the CMC, and commander of Joint Military Operations Command center inspected the CMC center on November 3, and said that the new Commission would carry out the spirit of 19th national congress,
ZH_REF: 中共中央总书记、国家主席、中央军委主席、军委联指总指挥习近平三号视察军委联合作战指挥中心，表明新一届军委贯彻落实党的十九大精神
ZH_HYP: 中国共中央书记习近平,军委主席、中央军委主席、中央军委主席、11月3日视察了中央军中心,并说,新委员会将将19国会议

EN: and promoted the distinct attitude to focusing all work of the army on the ability to fight and win.
ZH_REF: 推动全军各项工作向能打仗、打胜仗聚焦的鲜明态度
ZH_HYP: 并推动了不同的态度,集中力量的能力。

EN: Xi Jinping stressed that to achieve the party's targets of strong military in the new era and to build a world-class military, we must grasp the key to be able to fight and win the war.
ZH_REF: 习近平强调，实现党在新时代的强军目标、把人民军队全面建成世界一流军队，必须扭住能打仗、打胜仗
ZH_HYP: 习近平强调,要在新时代实现党的目标,建立世界级军事,我们必须掌握能够战胜和赢得战争的关键。

EN: The entire army must conscientiously study and implement the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party, thoroughly study and implement the party's idea of
ZH_REF: 全军要认真学习贯彻党的十九大精神，深入学习贯彻新时代党的强军思想，贯彻新形势下
ZH_HYP: 全军必须认真研究和贯彻党的精神,认真研究和贯彻党的思想

EN: the Chinese dream to realize the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
ZH_REF: 实现中华民族伟大复兴的中国梦提供战略支撑
ZH_HYP: 中华民族伟大复兴的梦想。

EN: At 9:30 am, Xi Jinping in full military uniforms went to the Central building of the Committee of Central Military Commission.
ZH_REF: 上午九时三十分时，习近平一身戎装来到军委联指中心大楼。
ZH_HYP: 上午9点30分,西安安宁军服的中央中央中央中央军事委员会中央中央军事委员会中央中央军事委员会中央中央军事委员会中央中央军事委员会中央中央军事委员会中央中央军事委员会中央

EN: Xi Jinping has always attached great importance to the issue of war preparations of our military.
ZH_REF: 习近平对我军备战打仗问题一直高度重视。
ZH_HYP: 习近平一向重视军兵的战问题。

EN: On the second day after the conclusion of the 19th Party Congress, Xi Jinping presided over the first meeting of the Central Military Commission. He emphasized that the Military Commission should promote the work of the entire military.
ZH_REF: 党的十九大闭幕后第二天，习近平主持第一次军委常务会议，就强调军委班子要推动全军各项工作向
ZH_HYP: 在十九次党大会结束后第二天,习近平主持中央军事委员会第一次会议,强调军事委员会应推动全军的工作。

EN: Xi Jinping pointed out that the military must prepare for a war, and that the Central Military Commission must understand how to fight with good plan and commanding in the war.
ZH_REF: 习近平指出，军队是要准备打仗的，军委必须懂打仗、善谋略、会指挥。
ZH_HYP: 习近平指出,军队必须为战争做好准备,中央军事委员会必须懂得如何与好战的好战。

EN: CMC should set up the baton for fight in the war at the beginning of the work.
ZH_REF: 军委工作一开始就要把备战打仗的指挥棒立起来
ZH_HYP: 中央军委应该在工作开始时设立起警棍。

EN: To come to the CTC Central Committee today, it is to take a clear-cut attitude, starting from me and starting from the Central Military Commission, we must strengthen our work on war preparations.
ZH_REF: 今天到军委联指中心来，就是要亮明态度，从我做起，从军委做起，强化备战打仗导向。
ZH_HYP: 今天要到反恐委员会中央委员会,,要采取明确的态度,从中央军事委员会开始,我们必须加强我们的战争准备工作。

EN: We must increase our ability to win, work hard to prepare for war, and lead our army to be able to fight and win the war, so as to bear the mission of the new era entrusted by the party and the people.
ZH_REF: 提高打赢本领，抓实备战工作，带领我军真正做到能打仗、打胜仗，担当起党和人民赋予的新时代使命任务。
ZH_HYP: 我们必须提高我们的胜利,为战争做好准备,领导我们的军队打赢这场战争,以承担党和人民的新时代的使命。

EN: Xi Jinping went over all the sites one by one, asked about relevant issues, and had in-depth exchanges with the people on duty.
ZH_REF: 习近平逐一察看各个部位，详细询问有关情况，同值班人员深入交流。
ZH_HYP: 习近平逐一接过所有的问题,并与有关的人民进行了深入的交流。

EN: In April last year, Xi Jinping made a special trip to inspect this place.
ZH_REF: 去年四月，习近平曾专程视察这里。
ZH_HYP: 去年4月,习近平进行了一次特别的视察。

EN: Over the past year or so, the CMC Central Committee has made many new improvements. Xi Jinping was very pleased and encouraged everyone to continue to improve
ZH_REF: 看到一年多来军委联指中心取得许多新进步，习近平十分高兴，勉励大家再接再厉，不断提高
ZH_HYP: 过去一年,中央中央委员会中央委员会作出了许多新的改善,西安平非常高兴,鼓励大家继续改善

EN: his joint warfare command capability.
ZH_REF: 联合作战指挥能力
ZH_HYP: 他的联合战指挥能力.

EN: At 10, Xi Jinping took a seat at the general command post,
ZH_REF: 十时许，习近平在总指挥席就座。
ZH_HYP: 10时,习近平在总指挥部上占据了一个席位。

EN: called front task force through the video.
ZH_REF: 通过视频呼点一线任务部队
ZH_HYP: 通过视频称为前线。

EN: This year's temperature dropped to minus 12 degrees Celsius, yet it was not very cold.
ZH_REF: 今年的温度已降到零下十二摄氏度，感觉还不是很冷。
ZH_HYP: 今年的温度降到了12度,但这并不很冷。

EN: At present, it is able to meet the needs for the winter and for performing various tasks.
ZH_REF: 目前，能够满足过冬和执行各项任务的需要。
ZH_HYP: 目前,它能够满足冬季的需要和完成各种任务。

EN: How is the daily combat training?
ZH_REF: 日常战备训练抓得如何？
ZH_HYP: 日常战斗训练如何?

EN: How is the related security work going on?
ZH_REF: 相关保障工作搞得怎么样？
ZH_HYP: 相关的安全工作是如何进行的?

EN: What are the practical difficulties?
ZH_REF: 还有哪些实际困难？
ZH_HYP: 什么是实际困难?

EN: Xi Jinping asked many details.
ZH_REF: 习近平问得很仔细。
ZH_HYP: 习近平问了许多细节。

EN: How do you feel about such routine trainings for combat teams?
ZH_REF: 现在这个日常的战队训练，你们行不行。
ZH_HYP: 你觉得为训练训练的训练?

EN: I’d like to report to the Commander that we will always be ready for war, and the aircraft-warning radar and sea-warning radar will be available on a 7*24 basis in order to keep a close eye on the sky and sea and allow us to formulate improved response solutions.
ZH_REF: 报告首级，我将常态保持战备，对空对海警戒雷达二十四小时开机，严密监视当天海空情况，制定完善应对行动方案。
ZH_HYP: 我想向指挥官报告,我们将随时准备好战,而且将在7*24基础上,预警雷达和海上预警雷达,以便密切关注天空和海上,并使我们能够制定改进的应对措施

EN: Trainings and drills in various aspects such as fighting back and patrol inspection were organized on a regular basis.
ZH_REF: 经常性组织，反击将巡逻警查证等训练演练。
ZH_HYP: 定期组织了战斗和巡查等各个方面的培训和演习。

EN: Xi Jinping urged them to exercise vigilance and be ready for responding to any emergency.
ZH_REF: 习近平叮嘱大家保持高度戒备，做好随时应对突发情况准备。
ZH_HYP: 习近平敦促他们保持警惕,随时准备应对任何紧急情况。

EN: Next, Xi Jinping checked the Djibouti-based Security Base via video.
ZH_REF: 接着，习近平通过视频察看了驻吉布提保障基地。
ZH_HYP: 接下来,习近平通过了吉布提的安全基地。

EN: This base is the first overseas security base of the Chinese Navy.
ZH_REF: 该基地是我军第一个海外保障基地。
ZH_HYP: 这个基地是中国海军的第一部安全基地.

EN: A four-level (including red level, orange level, yellow level and green level) alerting and defense system was built and eight emergency response teams are always ready. Military drills were organized on an irregular basis in order to realize……
ZH_REF: 建立了红橙黄绿四级警戒防卫体系，有八个应急分队随时待命，不定期组织战队拉动演练，坚决做到
ZH_HYP: 建立了四级(包括红水平、橙色、黄水平、绿色水平和绿色水平)的警报和防线系统,并准备了八次应急反应小组,以实现......

EN: Then, Xi Jinping listened to a work report about troop training and war preparation of the whole army and delivered a keynote speech.
ZH_REF: 随后，习近平听取了全军练兵备战工作汇报，并发表重要讲话。
ZH_HYP: 接着,习近平听取了一份关于部队整军部队训练和战争准备的报告,并发表了主旨演讲。

EN: Xi Jinping recognized and appreciated the great result of troop training and war preparation achieved by the whole army since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
ZH_REF: 习近平充分肯定了党的十八大以来全军练兵备战取得的成绩。
ZH_HYP: 习近平认识到并赞赏自中国共产党十八国大以来所取得的部队训练和战争准备。

EN: He stressed that China is developing into a powerful country from a big country in this key stage. China has a promising future on one hand and is also facing severe challenges on the other hand.
ZH_REF: 他强调，我国正处在由大向强发展的关键阶段，前景十分光明，挑战也十分严峻。
ZH_HYP: 他强调,中国正发展一个大国的大国,一方面是中国有前途的未来,也面临着严峻的挑战。

EN: It is impossible to achieve the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation simply by doing some easy works and having celebrations.
ZH_REF: 中华民族伟大复兴绝不是轻轻松松、敲锣打鼓就能实现的。
ZH_HYP: 仅仅通过做简单的工作和庆祝活动,实现中华民族的伟大复兴是不可能的。

EN: Military struggle is an important aspect in fighting great battles, and the ability to win battles serves as a strategic ability required for safeguarding national security.
ZH_REF: 军事斗争是进行伟大斗争的重要方面，打赢能力是维护国家安全的战略能力。
ZH_HYP: 军事斗争是打击伟大战斗的一个重要方面,赢得战斗的能力是维护国家安全所需的战略能力。

EN: The whole military should strength awareness of hardship, awareness of crisis and awareness of war fighting, concentrate on fighting war and make every effort to prepare for war.
ZH_REF: 全军要强化忧患意识、危机意识、打仗意识，全部心思向打仗聚焦，各项工作向打仗用劲。
ZH_HYP: 全军应应该对艰苦的认识,意识到危机和战争战争的意识,集中精力战争,并尽一切努力为战争做好准备。

EN: Improve the ability in war preparation and war fighting as soon as possible
ZH_REF: 尽快把备战打仗能力搞上去
ZH_HYP: 尽快提高战争准备和战争战争

EN: Efforts should be made to fight innovative war and make preparation for war, keep up with evolution in war situation and method of war fighting,
ZH_REF: 要着力创新战争和作战筹划，紧跟战争形态和作战方式演变，紧贴作战任务、作战对手
ZH_HYP: 应努力创新战争战争战争,做好战争战争,做好战争战争的战争,

EN: align with war tasks and opponents and arouse a trend of researching on war-related issues
ZH_REF: 作战环境，大兴作战问题研究之风
ZH_HYP: 与战争有关的问题,反对战争战争问题的研究

EN: Efforts should be made to improve construction of the commanding system and ability in joint operation, emancipate mind, make innovations in practice and work harder, build a strong and high-efficiency...
ZH_REF: 要着力加强联合作战指挥体系和能力建设，解放思想，创新实践，加大工作力度，打造坚强高效的
ZH_HYP: 要完善联合作战指挥系统和能力建设,解放思想,创新,创新,建设高效、高效的建设。

EN: Efforts should be made to deepen actual war-based military training and insist on the principle that military training should be performed completely based on requirements of actual war.
ZH_REF: 要着力深化实战化军事训练，坚持仗怎么打兵就怎么练，打仗需要什么就苦练什么。
ZH_HYP: 应努力深化实际军事训练,坚持坚持这样的原则,即军事训练应完全按照实际战争的要求进行。

EN: Enthusiasm, initiative and creativity of officers and soldiers should be given full play,
ZH_REF: 把官兵积极性、主动性
ZH_HYP: 应充分发挥军官和士兵的积极性和创造性,

EN: and an upsurge of military training should be aroused in the whole army
ZH_REF: 创造性充分激发出来，在全军兴起大抓军事训练热潮
ZH_HYP: 而军事训练的激增应该在整个军队中得到

EN: Xi Jinping stressed that leading cadres at all levels, especially high-ranking cadres, should play a leading role in war preparation and war fighting.
ZH_REF: 习近平强调，全军各级领导干部特别是高级干部要做备战打仗带头人。
ZH_HYP: 习近平强调各级领导干部,特别是干部,应在战争准备和战争战争中发挥领导作用。

EN: It is necessary to establish proper outlook on career, outlook on power and outlook on position and strengthen their awareness in war preparation and war fighting.
ZH_REF: 要树立正确的事业观、权力观、地位观，树牢备战打仗意识。
ZH_HYP: 必须对职业、、权力前景、前景观观,加强对战争战争战的认识。

EN: According to reports,
ZH_REF: 本台消息
ZH_HYP: 根据报告,

EN: Twenty-fifth Informal Leaders Meeting
ZH_REF: 第二十五次领导人非正式会议
ZH_HYP: 第二十五次非正式领导人会议

EN: General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee and President Xi Jinping will pay a state visit to Vietnam and Laos from November 12 to 14.
ZH_REF: 中共中央总书记、国家主席习近平将于十一月十二日至十四日对越南、老挝进行国事访问。
ZH_HYP: 中国共产党中央和习近平将于11月12日至14日对越南和老挝进行国家访问。

EN: The Foreign Ministry held a briefing for Chinese and foreign media on the 3rd.
ZH_REF: 外交部三号举行中外媒体吹风会
ZH_HYP: 外交部在第三场为中外媒体举行了简报。

EN: The relevent officials from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of Commerce announced that General Secretary and President Xi Jinping planned to visit Vietnam.
ZH_REF: 外交部、商务部有关负责人介绍习近平总书记、国家主席即将赴越南岘港。
ZH_HYP: 外交部和商务部官员宣布,总书记和习近平计划访问越南。

EN: He will deliver a keynote speech, attend informal leaders meetings and working lunches in two stages, and attend a dialogue between APEC leaders and ASEAN leaders,
ZH_REF: 并发表主旨演讲，出席两个阶段领导人非正式会议和工作午宴，出席APEC领导人与东盟领导人对话会
ZH_HYP: 他将发表主旨演讲,出席非正式领导人会议,工作午餐,并参加亚太经合组织领导人和东盟领导人之间的对话,

EN: attend the dialogue between APEC leaders and representatives of the APEC Business Advisory Council, and will meet leaders of relevant economies.
ZH_REF: 出席APEC领导人与APEC工商咨询理事会代表对话会，并将会见有关经济体领导人。
ZH_HYP: 出席亚太经合组织领导人和亚太经合组织商业咨询委员会的代表,并会与有关经济的领导人会面。

EN: The consensus reached in the meeting will be reflected in the declaration of leaders issued after the meeting.
ZH_REF: 会议共识将反映在会后发表的领导人宣言中。
ZH_HYP: 会议达成的共识将反映在会议后发表的领导人宣言中。

EN: The third agenda is to jointly draw a new vision for future cooperation.
ZH_REF: 三是共同勾画未来合作新愿景。
ZH_HYP: 第三项议程是共同为未来合作的新的。

EN: The fourth agenda is to jointly promote the smooth flow of trade and the implementation of the resolutions of the Beijing Conference, as well as push forward the creation of the Asia Pacific Free Trade Area.
ZH_REF: 四是共同推动贸易畅通、北京会议成果落实、亚太自贸区建设取得新进展。
ZH_HYP: 第四项议程是共同推动贸易的顺利进行,推动亚太地区自由贸易区的发展。

EN: China will continue to work with all parties to promote the steady development of economic cooperation in the Asia-Pacific region and promote the development and prosperity of the Asia-Pacific region and the world.
ZH_REF: 中方将继续同各方一道，推动亚太经济合作稳定向前发展，促进亚太和世界的发展繁荣。
ZH_HYP: 中国将继续与各方一道,推动亚太地区经济合作的稳定发展,促进亚太地区和世界的发展和繁荣。

EN: The first visit of the top leader of Chinese CP and the country will open a new chapter of peripheral diplomacy with Chinese characteristics in a new era.
ZH_REF: 中国党和国家最高领导人首次出访， 将开启新时代中国特色周边外交新境界。
ZH_HYP: 中国共产党第一行访问,将在新时代的周边地区外交新篇章。

EN: During his visits to Vietnam,
ZH_REF: 访越期间
ZH_HYP: 在访问越南期间,

EN: General Secretary and President Xi Jinping will hold talks with General Secretary Nguyen Phu Trong, Chairman Trn i Quang, Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc and Congress chairwoman Nguy n Th Kim Ngan
ZH_REF: 习近平总书记、国家主席将同阮富仲总书记、陈大光主席、阮春福总理和阮氏金银国会主席
ZH_HYP: 总书记和主席习近平将与阮国平总书记、阔关节、阔关节、阮国国大会主席nguyngan举行会谈

EN: separately.
ZH_REF: 分别举行会谈会见
ZH_HYP: 另外。

EN: They will have in-depth discussions on relations between the two parties and countries, pragmatic cooperation in various fields, as well as regional and international issues of common interest.
ZH_REF: 就深化中越两党两国关系和各领域务实合作及共同关心的地区和国际问题等深入交换意见。
ZH_HYP: 双方将深入讨论双方和国家的关系,在各个领域的务实合作以及共同关心的问题。

EN: The leaders of the two parties and countries will also jointly attend the groundbreaking ceremony for a Chinese aid project related to the livelihood of Lao people.
ZH_REF: 两党两国领导人还将共同出席中方援建老方的民生项目奠基仪式。
ZH_HYP: 双方领导人和各国领导人也将共同参加中国援助项目的开创性仪式。

EN: The development of Sino-Vietnam and Sino-Laos relations and the mutually beneficial and win-win cooperation between China and Southeast Asian countries have brought new opportunities and injected new impetus.
ZH_REF: 中越、中老关系发展，以及中国同东南亚国家的互利共赢合作带来新机遇，注入新动力
ZH_HYP: 中中中中美关系的发展与中东南亚国家互利互利共赢,带来了新的机遇,也给新的动力注入了新的动力。

EN: According to reports,
ZH_REF: 本台消息
ZH_HYP: 根据报告,

EN: During the 19th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party and after Comrade Xi Jinping was elected General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, many political parties and governments of foreign countries,
ZH_REF: 在中国共产党召开第十九次全国代表大会期间和习近平同志当选为中共中央总书记后，许多国家政党、政府
ZH_HYP: 在中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会期间,习近平同志当选为中共中央书记,许多政党和政府都是外国政府,

EN: international organizations, non-governmental organizations and their leaders, diplomatic envoys in China, international friends, overseas Chinese, and compatriots from the Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR and Taiwan
ZH_REF: 国际组织、民间团体及其领导人，驻华使节、友好人士以及旅居国外的华侨华人，香港特别行政区同胞、澳门特别行政区同胞和台湾同胞
ZH_HYP: 国际组织、非政府组织及其领导人、中国外交特使、海外侨和香港特别行政区的同胞

EN: sent congratulatory messages to the General Assembly, CPC Central Committee, and newly elected leaders, expressing warm congratulations and best wishes.
ZH_REF: 向大会、向中共中央、向新当选领导人发来贺电贺函，表示热烈祝贺和良好祝愿
ZH_HYP: 向大会、中共中央和新当选的领导人发出祝贺和良好的祝愿。

EN: The General Office of the CPC Central Committee and the International Department of CPC Central Committee were entrusted by the CPC Central Committee and General Secretary Xi Jinping
ZH_REF: 中共中央办公厅、中共中央对外联络部受中共中央和习近平总书记的委托
ZH_HYP: 中共中央、总办公室和中共中央委员会总办公室委托书

EN: to express sincere thanks.
ZH_REF: 谨表示衷心的感谢
ZH_HYP: 表示诚挚的谢意。

EN: Intensifying the basic construction for farmland water conservancy is an urgent requirement and basic guarantee for deepening the structural reform of the agricultural supply side as well as realizing the goal of empowering and enriching peasants.
ZH_REF: 加强农田水利基本建设，是深化农业供给侧结构性改革、实现强农惠农富农的迫切要求和基础保障。
ZH_HYP: 加强农田水利利的基本建设是深化农业供给体制改革的紧迫要求和基本保障。

EN: Since the party’s 18th National Congress, all regions and relevant departments have conscientiously implemented the decisions and policies of the CPC Central Committee and the State Council, have made solid progress in improving water conservancy for farmland and have achieved remarkable results.
ZH_REF: 党的十八大以来，各地区、各有关部门认真贯彻党中央、国务院决策部署，扎实推进农田水利基本建设并取得显著成效。
ZH_HYP: 党第十八次全国代表大会以来,各地区和有关部门认真执行了中国共产党的决定和政策,取得了显著的进步,取得了显著的成果。

EN: This has laid a solid foundation for maintaining good harvest year after year, continuously increasing farmers' income, and sustaining healthy economic and social development in rural areas.
ZH_REF: 为实现农业连年丰收、农民持续增收、农村经济社会健康发展提供了强有力的基础支撑。
ZH_HYP: 这为年复收的年复收奠定了坚实基础,不断增加农民收入,保持农村地区的健康发展。

EN: It is imperative to study in depth and implement the spirit of the Nineteen National Congress of the CPC, and take guidance from Xi Jinping's socialist ideology with Chinese characteristics in the new era
ZH_REF: 望深入学习贯彻党的十九大精神，以习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想为指导
ZH_HYP: 要深入、贯彻落实《中共十九大代表大会精神,从习近平中国特色社会主义思想中的指导

EN: in a bid to accelerate improvement of the water conservancy infrastructure network and water governance system, and to make efforts to fill the gap in water conservancy, and further increase the comprehensive agricultural production capacity.
ZH_REF: 加快完善水利基础设施网络和水治理制度体系，着力补上水利建设短板，进一步提高农业综合生产能力。
ZH_HYP: 加快水利基础设施基础设施网络和水治理体系,填补水利水的空白,进一步提高综合农业生产能力。

EN: We must improve the disaster prevention and mitigation capabilities as well as the capability to conserve and better use water resources in order to make new contributions to the development of modern agricultural and to the cause of building a well-off society.
ZH_REF: 防灾减灾能力和节约利用水资源的能力，为促进现代农业发展、决胜全面建成小康社会作出新贡献。
ZH_HYP: 完善防灾减灾能力,提高水资源的能力,为现代农业发展和建设小康社会的事业作出新的贡献。

EN: Wang Yang, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier of the State Council, attended the meeting and delivered a speech.
ZH_REF: 中共中央政治局常委、国务院副总理汪洋出席会议并讲话。
ZH_HYP: 中国共中央政治局常务委员会委员王angyang出席会议,并发表讲话。

EN: He stressed that the video and telephone conference for the construction of farmland water conservancy infrastructure in the winter and spring was held after the party’s 19th National Congress
ZH_REF: 他强调，全国冬春农田水利基本建设电视电话会议是党的十九大以后
ZH_HYP: 他强调,在冬季和春季召开的农田水利利基础设施的视频会议是在党的十九届全国代表大会之后举行的

EN: and made the arrangement.
ZH_REF: 做出了部署
ZH_HYP: 并安排了安排。

EN: Premier of the State Council Li Keqiang met with TerraPower Chairman and Microsoft Founder Bill Gates on the morning of the 3rd at Tower of Violet Light, Zhongnanhai
ZH_REF: 国务院总理李克强三号上午在中南海紫光阁会见美国泰拉能源公司董事长、微软公司创始人
ZH_HYP: 国务院总理李克强在南海紫色三楼的三楼的上与了泰波夫董事长和微软创始人比尔·盖茨

EN: Gather the wisdom and power of the people, leverage international cooperation to drive disruptive advancement in technology, and achieve sharing for the better benefit of humanity.
ZH_REF: 集众智、聚众力，以国际合作促进技术颠覆性发展，并实现共享，更好造福人类。
ZH_HYP: 收集人民的智慧和力量,利用国际合作推动技术进步,为人类分享分享。

EN: Bill Gates said that next-generation nuclear power is of great significance to the development of future energy technology. We cherish cooperation with Chinese enterprises
ZH_REF: 比尔盖茨表示，新一代核能对人类未来能源技术发展非常重要，我们珍视同中国企业的合作
ZH_HYP: 比尔·盖茨说,下一代核能对未来能源技术的发展具有重要意义。

EN: The 103rd meeting of the Council of Chairmen of the 12th NPC Standing Committee of the PRC was held on the afternoon of the 3rd in Beijing at the Great Hall of the People. Chairman Zhang Dejiang presided over the meeting.
ZH_REF: 十二届全国人大常委会第一百零三次委员长会议三号下午在北京人民大会堂举行，张德江委员长主持会议。
ZH_HYP: 第十二届全国人民代表大会常务委员会第103次会议在人民大会堂举行。张德江主席主持会议。

EN: The meeting members heard the report of the director of the National People's Congress Law Committee, Qiao Xiaoyang, on the opinion as regards the deliberative draft to the revision of the draft amendment for three laws including the Law Against Unfair Competition.
ZH_REF: 会议听取了全国人大法律委员会主任委员乔晓阳作的关于反不正当竞争法等三个法律修订草案审议稿修改意见的报告。
ZH_HYP: 会议成员听取了全国人大法律委员会主任乔晓阳关于审议法律草案的意见,包括《不公平竞争法》。

EN: The report on the outcome of the deliberation on the draft of Amendment (X) to the Criminal Law, and the report on the outcome of the deliberation on the draft amendment of 11 laws including the Accounting Law.
ZH_REF: 关于刑法修正案十草案审议结果的报告、关于会计法等十一部法律的修正案草案审议结果的报告。
ZH_HYP: 关于审议刑法修正案草案(x)的结果结果以及关于11项法律的修正案的报告。

EN: Report on the status of the draft decision of national laws
ZH_REF: 全国性法律的决定草案情况的汇报
ZH_HYP: 关于国家法律草案的现状的报告

EN: The meeting members heard the report of the director of the National People's Congress Foreign Affairs Committee, Fu Ying, on the status of deliberation on relevant foreign treaties and decision draft.
ZH_REF: 会议听取了全国人大外事委员会主任委员傅莹作的关于审议有关涉外条约的情况及决定草案代拟稿的汇报。
ZH_HYP: 会议成员听取了全国人大外交事务委员会主任关于有关外国条约和决定草案的审议情况。

EN: Report on the status of the report on the outcome of the deliberation on delegate motions separately proposed by four special committees including the Foreign Affairs Committee, and the Agriculture and Rural Affairs Committee
ZH_REF: 外事委员会、农业与农村委员会等四个专门委员会分别提出的代表议案审议结果报告情况的汇报
ZH_HYP: 四个特别委员会和农业和农村事务委员会分别就代表委员会和农业和农村事务委员会提出的报告

EN: Report on the deliberation of the representative capacity of individual representatives and report on the state of the appointment and removal case, among others
ZH_REF: 关于审议个别代表的代表资格的报告和任免案情况的汇报等
ZH_HYP: 关于代表代表的代表的报告和关于任命和清除案件的报告

EN: The Council of Chairmen confirmed that, pursuant to the deliberation opinion of the Standing Committee meeting, upon further deliberation on and amendments of the aforesaid motions and drafts
ZH_REF: 委员长会议确定，根据常委会会议的审议意见，对上述议案和草案作进一步审议修改后
ZH_HYP: 主席理事会确认,根据常设委员会会议的意见,对上述动议和草案进行进一步审议和修改

EN: A submission shall be made to the 104th Council of Chairmen to decide whether it shall be handed over for a vote at the closing ceremony of the 30th meeting of the 12th NPC Standing Committee of the PRC.
ZH_REF: 提交第一百零四次委员长会议决定是否交付十二届全国人大常委会第三十次会议闭幕会表决。
ZH_HYP: 第四十四十四主席理事会提交的决定,在中国举行的第十二届全国人民代表大会常务委员会第三十次会议闭幕式上,决定是否将该委员会移交。

EN: Presented a report
ZH_REF: 做了宣讲报告
ZH_HYP: 提交报告

EN: In his report, Wang Xiaohui systematically summarized the historic achievements and historical changes that have taken place in the past five years.
ZH_REF: 王晓晖在报告中系统归纳了过去五年取得的历史性成就和发生的历史性变革。
ZH_HYP: 王晓辉在其报告中系统地总结了过去五年历史的历史成就和历史变化。

EN: He expounds on the times, background, core essentials, innovative ideas and major contributions of Xi Jinping’s socialist ideology with Chinese characteristics of the new era, elaborates on socialism with Chinese characteristics,
ZH_REF: 深刻阐述了习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想的时代背景、核心要义、创新观点和重大贡献，阐述了中国特色社会主义
ZH_HYP: 他阐述了习近平社会主义思想的时代、背景、核心、创新思想和主要贡献,阐述了中国特色社会主义,

EN: and on how the CPC has overcome countless difficulties with extraordinary courage and tenacity.
ZH_REF: 并以超凡的魄力和顽强的斗争精神，攻坚克难
ZH_HYP: 以及如何克服了无数困难,勇气和坚韧不拔。

EN: The report uses vivid data and cases to get the message across in a systematic and easy-to-understand manner, triggering strong resonance among the audience.
ZH_REF: 报告运用生动鲜活的数据、案例，系统透彻、深入浅出，在现场听众中引起强烈反响。
ZH_HYP: 报告采用生动的数据和案例来使信息的系统和容易理解的方式,引发观众的强烈共鸣。

EN: Many representatives expressed their resolve
ZH_REF: 大家表示
ZH_HYP: 许多代表表示了决心

EN: to study and implement the spirit of the Nineteenth National Congress of CPC as required by the CPC Central Committee, to keep in line with the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core,
ZH_REF: 要按照中央的要求，深入学习贯彻党的十九大精神，在政治上思想上行动上与以习近平同志为核心的党中央
ZH_HYP: 为研究和贯彻中央委员会要求的方案,以习近平为核心的中国共产党中央央,坚持同近平安的同志,

EN: and turn the spirit of the Nineteenth Congress and the goals into a common understanding and firm action.
ZH_REF: 保持高度一致，把党的十九大精神和各项目标任务切实转化为共同认识和坚定行动。
ZH_HYP: 将第十九届大会和目标的精神变成一个共同的理解和坚定的行动。

EN: Today's report gives us deeper understanding of the spirit of the Nineteenth Congress and the spiritual essence of Xi Jinping’s socialist ideology with Chinese characteristics
ZH_REF: 今天的这个报告让我们对十九大精神，对习近平的新时代中国特色社会主义思想它的精神实质
ZH_HYP: 今天的报告对我们更深入地理解了中国习性的精神和习性

EN: including the process of its formation.
ZH_REF: 深刻内涵，包括这个形成的过程，我觉得都有一个更深刻的了解。
ZH_HYP: 包括其形成过程。

EN: The report was hosted by Li Zhiyong, deputy secretary of the working committee of the Central State Organs.
ZH_REF: 报告会由中央国家机关工委常务副书记李志勇主持
ZH_HYP: 该报告由中央国家机关工作委员会副秘书李志勇主持。

EN: About 3,000 people, including party and government cadres stationed in Beijing, officials from central enterprises, relevant responsible persons in colleges and universities, teachers and students from colleges, theorists and people from all walks of life took part in the report meeting.
ZH_REF: 在京党政军机关干部、中央企业负责人、高校有关负责人和高校师生、理论工作者和各界群众代表，约三千人参加报告会。
ZH_HYP: 北京的党员、政府干部、中央企业干部、高等院校有关负责人、高等院校有关负责人、各界人士、本报告会议。

EN: Good presentation helps the whole society to reach a consensus and form a better ideological foundation.
ZH_REF: 做好宣讲，让全社会形成共识，形成更好的思想基础。
ZH_HYP: 良好的陈述有助于社会达成共识,形成更好的思想基础。

EN: According to reports, Xinhua News Agency broadcast an editorial today calling for the integration of personal ideals into national causes, arousing a wave of enthusiasm among intellectuals and young CPC members in colleges in studying and implementing the spirit of the Nineth Congress of CPC.
ZH_REF: 本台消息，新华社今天播发把个人理想追求融入国家和民族事业中，广大知识分子和青年学生党员掀起学习贯彻党的十九大精神
ZH_HYP: 据报道,新华社今天在今天发表了一篇社论,要求将个人理想融入国家事业,激发了知识分子和年轻的中共的热情热情。

EN: In recent days, the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development, together with the People's Bank of China and the China Banking Regulatory Commission, have jointly made arrangement for regulating the home financing, in a bid to intensify the anti-money laundry effort in real estate industry.
ZH_REF: 近日，住建部会同人民银行、银监会联合部署规范购房融资行为，加强房地产领域反洗钱工作。
ZH_HYP: 近日,住房和城乡发展部与中国人民银行监督管理委员会共同制定了规范融资安排,加强房地产业的的洗衣洗衣。

EN: All localities are required to intensify efforts to investigate and punish the practice of providing illegal home financing,
ZH_REF: 要求各地加大力度查处违规提供购房融资的行为。
ZH_HYP: 所有地方都必须加紧努力,调查和惩治提供非法家庭融资的做法,

EN: and intensify the scrutiny of the source of down payment funds and the authenticity of the borrower’s income proof.
ZH_REF: 加大对首付资金来源和借款人收入证明真实性的审核力度等。
ZH_HYP: 并加强对付款基金来源的检查,以及借款人的收入证明的真实性。

EN: Today, the Ministry of Civil Affairs issued the first
ZH_REF: 今天，民政部在京发放全国首张
ZH_HYP: 今天,民政部发布了第一

EN: Unified Social Credit Code certificate for the special legal person, a grassroots autonomous organization in Beijing.
ZH_REF: 基层群众性自治组织特别法人统一社会信用代码证书。
ZH_HYP: 统一的社会信用代码证,北京基层组织。

EN: With this code, village committees and neighborhood committees will be able to open bank accounts,
ZH_REF: 有了这个代码，村委会和居委会将可以开设银行账户
ZH_HYP: 通过这一守则,村委员会和社区委员会将能够开立银行账户,

EN: independently carry out civil activities to perform its functions, and expand public service for urban and rural communities.
ZH_REF: 独立开展为履行职能所需的民事活动，拓展城乡社区的公益服务功能
ZH_HYP: 独立开展民事活动,扩大城乡社区的公共服务。

EN: It can smash and suck in sea sand and deep sea rocks at a speed of 6,000 cubic meters per hour, and then discharge the particles to a location on the sea up to 15 kilometers away.
ZH_REF: 能以每小时六千立方米的速度将海沙、深海岩石粉碎吸出并排放到最远十五公里外的海域。
ZH_HYP: 它可以在每小时6000立方米的速度,在沙滩和深海岩石上,然后将粒子排放到15公里的地方。

EN: The finals of 2017 China Agricultural Machine Operators Contest took place today. More than 52 million agricultural machine operators participated in the contest. After several rounds of competition,
ZH_REF: 二零一七中国农机手大赛今天进行决赛，全国的五千二百多万名农机手通过层层选拔
ZH_HYP: 2017年中国农业机械竞赛赛的决赛,5200多万农业机操作员参加了比赛。

EN: only 10 operators were qualified for the finales.
ZH_REF: 最后十名选手闯入决赛。
ZH_HYP: 只有10名操作人员合格。

EN: At present, the agricultural mechanization rate of China's main food crops has exceeded 80%, and the agricultural production has entered a new stage featuring a high level of mechanization.
ZH_REF: 目前，我国主要粮食作物农业机械化率已经超过百分之八十，农业生产进入机械化为主的新阶段。
ZH_HYP: 目前,我国主要粮食作物的机械化率已超过80%,农业生产进入了高机械化阶段。

EN: A string of major drug trafficking cases have been solved, including the smuggling of new psychoactive substances to the United States by Sun's gang, and the
ZH_REF: 走私可卡因系列案，孙某某团伙涉美走私新精神活性物质案和王某某团伙
ZH_HYP: 一系列主要毒品贩运案件已解决,包括太阳的团伙向美国走私新的精神活性物质。

EN: production and smuggling of Alpha P. V. P. by Wang's gang.
ZH_REF: 制贩、走私阿尔法P. V. P. 等重特大毒品案件。
ZH_HYP: 王ang的帮派生产和走私.

EN: Today, Xie Zhenhua, China's Special Representative of Climate Change Affairs and Deputy Director of the Population Resources and Environment Committee of the National Committee of the CPPCC
ZH_REF: 今天，中国气候变化事务特别代表、全国政协人口资源环境委员会副主任解振华
ZH_HYP: 今天,中国气候变化事务特别代表谢华华,中国全国委员会全国委员会副主任

EN: donated all the prize money he has received from the Lv Zhihe Award and the Sustaining Development Award of HK$20 million to the Tsinghua University Education Foundation.
ZH_REF: 将其获得的吕志和奖，持续发展奖两千万港币奖金全部捐赠给清华大学教育基金会。
ZH_HYP: 他向清华大学教育基金会捐赠了他的所有奖项,并获奖2000万元。

EN: The money will be used to establish a global climate change and green development fund.
ZH_REF: 设立全球气候变化和绿色发展基金。
ZH_HYP: 这笔资金将用于建立全球气候变化和绿色发展基金。

EN: Affected by a stronger cold front, temperatures in many parts of Shandong Province have fallen sharply, and snowfall occurred on Mount Tai in the morning.
ZH_REF: 受较强冷空气影响，今天，山东多地气温大幅下降，早上泰山出现降雪。
ZH_HYP: 山东省许多地方的气温都急剧下降,而大山大雪发生了大雪。

EN: Compared with the temperature drop in the north, the heavy fog in some parts of the South China region has created a lot of troubles, paralyzing traffic in Chongqing this morning.
ZH_REF: 与北方的降温相比，南方部分地区的大雾麻烦不小，重庆今天早晨的大雾一度严重影响交通。
ZH_HYP: 与北方温度的下降相比,华南地区部分地区的浓雾造成了许多麻烦,重庆交通瘫痪。

EN: On the 1st to the 3rd, Song Tao, the Special Envoy of General Secretary Xi Jinping and the head of the International Department of CPC Central Committee, visited Vietnam and Laos. Among his agendas was to brief others on the 19th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party.
ZH_REF: 一号到三号，习近平总书记特使、中联部部长宋涛访问越南和老挝，通报中共十九大情况。
ZH_HYP: 在习近平总书记和中共中央书记宋涛在1至3次,访问了越南和老挝,其中包括中共十九届全国代表大会。

EN: Under the guidance of the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress, the Chinese Communist Party and the people will promote the building of a new type of international relations,
ZH_REF: 表示在中共十九大精神指引下，中国共产党和人民将为推动建设新型国际关系
ZH_HYP: 在十九届全国代表大会的指导下,中国共产党和人民将促进建立新型国际关系,

EN: in a bid to make new and greater contribution to the cause of constructing a community of destiny for human being.
ZH_REF: 构建人类命运共同体作出新的更大贡献
ZH_HYP: 为了为人类建设一个命运的命运,作出新的贡献。

EN: Both the leaders of Vietnam and Laos paid close attention to and evaluated the great significance and achievements of the 19th CPC National Congress.
ZH_REF: 越方和老方领导人均高度关注和评价中共十九大的重大意义和成就。
ZH_HYP: 越南和老挝领导人都密切关注和评价了第19届全国代表大会的重大意义和成就。

EN: The Xinjiang Cultural Exchange Delegation has visited the United States and Canada in recent days. During their stay in the two countries, they held several forums with local academics, media professionals and overseas Chinese,
ZH_REF: 中国新疆文化交流团近日先后访问美国和加拿大，与当地学界、媒体界人士和华侨华人等举行多场座谈会
ZH_HYP: 新疆文化交流代表团近日访问了美国和加拿大,在当地的地方,与当地学者、媒体专业人员和海外华人举办了论坛,

EN: conducting in-depth exchanges on topics such as education, employment, and human rights in Xinjiang.
ZH_REF: 就新疆的教育、就业和人权等话题进行深入交流。
ZH_HYP: 对新疆教育、就业和人权等主题进行深入的交流。

EN: Local people from all walks of life said that through in-depth communication with the delegation
ZH_REF: 当地各界人士表示，通过与代表团深入沟通
ZH_HYP: 各界人士称,通过与代表团深入沟通

EN: they gained better understanding of China's ethnic and religious policies as well as economic and social developments in Xinjiang.
ZH_REF: 进一步了解了中国的民族宗教政策，以及新疆的经济社会等各方面发展状况。
ZH_HYP: 他们对中国的民族和宗教政策以及新疆经济和社会发展的了解。

EN: This visit has great significance in promoting exchanges between China, the U.S., and Canada in various fields and promoting understanding, trust and friendship among the people.
ZH_REF: 对于推动中国与美国和加拿大各领域的交流，增进民间了解、互信与友好具有积极意义
ZH_HYP: 这次访问对于促进中国、美、加拿大、各领域的交流,具有重要意义。

EN: Next is some international news.
ZH_REF: 接下来请您收看一组国际快讯。
ZH_HYP: 下是一些国际新闻。

EN: The City Council of Vancouver, the largest city in British Columbia, Canada, unanimously agreed to make an apology for the past mistake of discrimination against Chinese immigrants.
ZH_REF: 加拿大不列颠哥伦比亚省最大城市温哥华市的市议会一号一致同意，就历史上的排华行为作出道歉
ZH_HYP: 加拿大哥华省最大的城市温哥华市议会一致同意为过去对中国移民的歧视错误。

EN: The official apology ceremony will be held in April 2018.
ZH_REF: 正式道歉仪式将于二零一八年四月举行。
ZH_HYP: 正式道歉仪式将于2018年4月举行。

EN: Chinese immigrants made great contributions to the economic and social development of Canada during mid-19th century.
ZH_REF: 华人为加拿大经济社会发展作出巨大贡献，十九世纪中期
ZH_HYP: 19世纪中,中国移民对加拿大的经济和社会发展做出了巨大贡献。

EN: In the past, the Canadian government and the British Columbia Provincial Assembly had apologized for the past mistakes of discrimination against Chinese immigrants.
ZH_REF: 之前，加拿大政府及不列颠哥伦比亚省议会曾先后就歧视华人的历史行为作出道歉。
ZH_HYP: 过去,加拿大政府和不列颠哥伦比亚省省议会曾为过去对中国移民的歧视错误道歉。

EN: Launched violent air raids.
ZH_REF: 展开猛烈空袭。
ZH_HYP: 发动了暴力空袭。

EN: At the same time, Syrian government forces also mounted a ground attack in Abu Kamel, a border town near Deir ez-Zor,
ZH_REF: 与此同时，叙政府军也在代尔祖尔市附近的边境重镇阿布卡迈勒
ZH_HYP: 同时,叙利亚政府部队还在deirez-zor附近的边境城镇abukamel进行了一次地面袭击,

EN: which is the last major base of extremist organizations in Syria.
ZH_REF: 展开地面进攻，阿布卡迈勒是极端组织在叙利亚的最后一个主要据点
ZH_HYP: 这是叙利亚极端组织的最后一个主要基地。

EN: In the early September of this year,
ZH_REF: 今年九月初
ZH_HYP: 今年9月初,

EN: Syrian government forces entered the city of Deir ez-Zor and lifted the 3-year-old siege by the extremist organization.
ZH_REF: 叙政府军攻入代尔祖尔市，解除了极端组织对该市长达三年的围困。
ZH_HYP: 叙利亚政府部队进入deirez-zor市,解除了3年的极端主义组织的围困。

EN: On the 2nd, Lamela, the Chief Justice of the Spanish National Court, announced the decision to temporarily imprison nine independent high-ranking officials of the Catalonia Autonomous Region for inciting rebellion, treason, and misappropriation of public funds.
ZH_REF: 西班牙国家法院大法官拉梅拉二号宣布，以煽动叛乱、叛国和挪用公款等罪名将九名加泰罗尼亚自治区的独立派前高官暂时关押。
ZH_HYP: 在第2次,西班牙国家法院首席法官lamela宣布宣布将临时监禁9名独立高级官员监禁,以煽动叛乱、叛叛逆和挪用公款。

EN: The District Council of Catalonia Autonomous Region unilaterally declared independence on October 27.
ZH_REF: 加区议会十月二十七号日单方面宣布独立
ZH_HYP: 加泰罗尼亚自治区区议会于10月27日宣布独立。

EN: The Central Government of Spain subsequently announced the full takeover of local government power in Catalonia.
ZH_REF: 西班牙中央政府随后宣布全面接管加区地方政府权力。
ZH_HYP: 西班牙中央宣布在加泰罗尼亚充分接管地方政府权力。

EN: According to the British National Bureau of Statistics, the British inflation rate was 3% in September this year, which is much higher than the 2% target set by the central bank.
ZH_REF: 据英国国家统计局公布称，今年九月英国通胀率为百分之三，大大高于央行设定的百分之二的目标。
ZH_HYP: 据英国国家统计局的数据,今年9月,英国通胀率为3%,这比央行设定的2%的目标。

EN: The market had strongly expected adjustments to UK monetary policy.
ZH_REF: 市场此前对英国货币政策调整预期强烈。
ZH_HYP: 市场对英国货币政策的预期调整.

EN: In August last year, after the Brexit vote, the Central Bank of UK decided to cut interest rates to a record low of 0.25%.
ZH_REF: 去年八月，英国央行在脱欧公投后决定将利率降至百分之零点二五的历史低位。
ZH_HYP: 去年8月,英国央行在英国央行决定将利率下调至创纪录的0.25%。

EN: As the move will hurt the interests of the middle class and benefit large companies and the rich, the bill will be violently attacked by the Democratic Party at the discussion stage.
ZH_REF: 会伤及中产阶级利益，而让大企业和富人获益，因此该议案在讨论阶段将受到民主党的猛烈攻击。
ZH_HYP: 随着此举将损害中产阶级的利益,并使大公司和富人受益,民主党将在讨论阶段受到民主党的猛烈抨击。

EN: Tonight's Xinwen Lianbo broadcast has concluded. Thank you for watching.
ZH_REF: 今天的新闻联播播送完了，感谢收看。
ZH_HYP: 今晚的新安安博广播已经结束,谢谢你。

EN: For more news updates, you may also refer to the CCTV news mobile website. Search CCTV for the address to download the mobile app.
ZH_REF: 获取更多新闻资讯您还可以关注央视新闻移动网，下载地址可搜索央视新闻加。
ZH_HYP: 为了更多的新闻,你也可参考中央电视台新闻网站。

EN: Good evening, viewers.
ZH_REF: 各位观众晚上好。
ZH_HYP: 晚安,观众。

EN: Good evening.
ZH_REF: 晚上好。
ZH_HYP: 晚安。

EN: Today is November 4, a Saturday, and the 16th day of the ninth month of the Lunar Calendar. Welcome to Xinwen Lianbo.
ZH_REF: 今天是十一月四号星期六，农历九月十六，欢迎收看新闻联播节目。
ZH_HYP: 今天是十一月四日,月四日,月十五日,欢迎新文.

EN: In tonight's program, we cover
ZH_REF: 今天节目的主要内容有
ZH_HYP: 在今晚的节目中,我们

EN: Xi Jinping signed Executive Orders #77, #78, #79, #80, #81 and #82.
ZH_REF: 习近平签署第七十七号、七十八号、七十九号、八十号、八十一号、八十二号国家主席令。
ZH_HYP: 习近平签署了行政命令第77号,#80,#81和#82.

EN: Guidance Books for learning the spirit of the Nineteen Congress of CPC in ethnic minority languages.
ZH_REF: 党的十九大文件及学习辅导读物少数民族文字版
ZH_HYP: 学习《1999年少数民族语言》精神的指导书。

EN: According to reports, President Xi Jinping signed Executive Orders #77, #78, #79, #80, #81
ZH_REF: 本台消息，国家主席习近平四号签署了第七十七号、七十八号、七十九号、八十号、八十一号
ZH_HYP: 据报告,习近平签署了行政命令#77,#79,#80,#80,#81

EN: and #82
ZH_REF: 和八十二号主席令
ZH_HYP: 和#82

EN: Executive Order #77, entitled the "Law of People's Republic of China Against Unfair Competition”, was amended and passed by the 30th meeting of the 12th NPC Standing Committee
ZH_REF: 第七十七号主席令说，《中华人民共和国反不正当竞争法》已由中华人民共和国第十二届全国人民代表大会常务委员会
ZH_HYP: 第77号行政命令,题为"中华人民共和国不不公平竞争法",第12次会议修订和通过

EN: on November 4, 2017. The revised Anti Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China is now promulgated
ZH_REF: 第三十次会议于二零一七年十一月四日修订通过，现将修订后的《中华人民共和国反不正当竞争法》公布
ZH_HYP: 2017年11月4日,中华人民共和国修订的《中华人民共和国反不公平竞争法》

EN: and will enter into force on January 1, 2018.
ZH_REF: 自二零一八年一月一日起施行。
ZH_HYP: 2018年1月1日生效。

EN: was passed on November 4, 2017, and is hereby made public, and will enter into force on January 1, 2018.
ZH_REF: 于二零一七年十一月四日通过，现予公布，自二零一八年一月一日起施行。
ZH_HYP: 2017年11月4日通过,并在此公布,将于2018年1月1日生效。

EN: Executive Order #80, entitled the "Amendment (X) to the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China", was passed by the 30th meeting of the 12th NPC Standing Committee
ZH_REF: 第八十号主席令说，《中华人民共和国刑法修正案（十）》已由中华人民共和国第十二届全国人民代表大会常务委员会第三十次会议
ZH_HYP: 第80号行政命令,题为"中华人民共和国刑法修正案(x)",第12次会议通过

EN: on November 4, 2017, of the PRC, and is hereby made public, and will enter into force with immediate effect.
ZH_REF: 于二零一七年十一月四日通过，现予公布，自公布之日起施行。
ZH_HYP: 2017年11月4日,中华人民共和国,现正公开生效。

EN: It will be implemented with effect from November 15, 2017.
ZH_REF: 自二零一七年十一月五日起施行。
ZH_HYP: 该计划将于2017年11月15日生效。

EN: Comrade Xi Jinping delivered a report to the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China on October 18, 2017, securing a decisive victory in building a moderately prosperous society in all respects.
ZH_REF: 习近平同志二零一七年十月十八日，在中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会上所做的报告，决胜全面建成小康社会
ZH_HYP: 习近平同志于2017年10月18日在中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会上发表了一份报告,在建设一个小康社会的社会中取得了决定性的胜利。

EN: This report has been translated into seven ethic minority languages including the Mongolian, Tibetan, Uygur, Kazak, Korean, and Zhuang by the China Ethnic Languages Translation Bureau.
ZH_REF: 蒙古、藏、维吾尔、哈萨克、朝鲜、彝、壮等七种少数民族文字版，已由中国民族语文翻译局翻译
ZH_HYP: 本报告被翻译成七种少数民族语言翻译局,包括蒙古族、藏族、维吾尔、、、、、族和庄族。

EN: Ethic minority scripts will also be published in the near future.
ZH_REF: 少数民族文字版也将于近期出版发行
ZH_HYP: 少数民族的剧本也将在不久的将来出版。

EN: Has reached 37.07 million volume.
ZH_REF: 已经达到三千七百零七万册。
ZH_HYP: 已达到3707万。

EN: Meanwhile, a special bookcase has been set up in the most eye-catching position of Beijing Library Building, displaying intensively the 19th CPC National Congress documents and related readings as well as references, including the offprint of the 19th CPC National Congress Report,
ZH_REF: 在北京图书大厦最显著的位置，设立了十九大文件及学习辅导读物专柜，集中展示党的十九大报告单行本
ZH_HYP: 同时,在北京图书馆建设的最引人注目的位置设立了特别书架,同时,北京北京市全国代表大会文件及相关阅读,包括《刑事诉讼法》第19届全国代表大会报告的的内容,

EN: the offprint of the Constitution of the Communist Party of China, 100 Q&A about the 19th CPC National Congress Report, and Q&A about the Constitution of the Communist Party of China Amended and Adopted at the 19th CPC National Congress.
ZH_REF: 《中国共产党章程》单行本、 党的《十九大报告学习辅导百问》，《十九大党章修正案学习问答》 等各类十九大文件和学习辅导读物。
ZH_HYP: 中国共产党宪法》100《中国共产党第十九次会议报告》和《中国共产党宪法》的19届中国共产党宪法》的

EN: In just one week,
ZH_REF: 我们
ZH_HYP: 在一周内,

EN: the sales of all showcased documents, readings and references have exceeded 150,000 copies.
ZH_REF: 专柜设立一周的时间，我们现在的所有的文件还有相关辅导销售已经突破十五万册。
ZH_HYP: 所有的展示文件、阅读和参考资料的销售量超过15万份。

EN: and further exploring the magnificent blueprint for the future of our country.
ZH_REF: 进一步领会习近平总书记， 对于我国未来的宏伟的蓝图的规划
ZH_HYP: 进一步探索我国未来的宏伟蓝图。

EN: So far, Xinhua Bookstores and book malls across the country all have a special bookcase for the exhibition and showcase of the 19th CPC National Congress documents and related readings as well as references
ZH_REF: 目前全国各地的新华书店和各大书城都设立了十九大文件及学习辅导读物专柜专架。
ZH_HYP: 到目前为止,新华社书店和全国各地的书店都有一个特别的书架,供全国代表大会的展览和展示及相关的参考

EN: convenient for readers to access these materials, for party members and cadres to understand the new era and new ideas in more details, and favorable for creating an admirable atmosphere of learning the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress in the whole society.
ZH_REF: 方便读者学习购买，引领广大党员干部群众更详细了解新时代新思想，在全社会形成学习十九大精神的良好氛围。
ZH_HYP: 方便读者查阅这些材料,党员和干部更了解新新时代和新思想,并为全社会学习精神创造一个令人钦佩的气氛。

EN: For reports delivered during the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, we feel…
ZH_REF: 十九大报告，我们老百姓那
ZH_HYP: 在中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会期间,我们感到.....

EN: written into the party constitution amended at the 19th CPC National Congress, a great deed for our party and the whole nation, we are confident that our life will get better and better.
ZH_REF: 写入了我们的党章，这是我们党我们国家一件大事情，我们相信我们的生活会越来越好。
ZH_HYP: 在党和全国代表大会上,我们对党和全国人民的巨大的,,我们相信,我们的生活将得到更好的更好。

EN: In addition, in order to help the broad masses of peasants to learn and understand the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress,
ZH_REF: 此外，为帮助广大农民群众学习领会党的十九大精神
ZH_HYP: 此外,为了帮助广大农民学习和理解十九十九届全国代表大会的精神,

EN: the administration of radio, film and television of each province have also delivered documents and related readings as well as references of the 19th CPC National Congress to the rural library
ZH_REF: 新闻出版广电部门还把十九大文件和学习辅导读物配送到农家书屋，依托农家书屋平台
ZH_HYP: 省、电影、电视的管理也向农村图书馆提供了文件及相关阅读。

EN: I feel that life of farmers has a promising future.
ZH_REF: 觉得对我们农民的生活确实有了一个很好的前景。
ZH_HYP: 我觉得农民的生活有前途。

EN: Meanwhile, the People's Publishing House also have uploaded the e-book of related readings
ZH_REF: 在移动互联网上，人民出版社把相关读物的电子书
ZH_HYP: 同时,人民出版社也已上传了相关阅读相关阅读书

EN: to its mobile App, and went live at the same time as the printed book,
ZH_REF: 上传到党员小书包客户端， 与纸质书同步上线， 方便快捷的手机客户端。
ZH_HYP: 到了移动应用程序,同时也就像印刷的书一样。

EN: so that primary party organizations and broad masses can study the content and spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress at any time anywhere.
ZH_REF: 让基层党组织和广大群众随时随地都可以学习党的十九大精神。
ZH_HYP: 因此,基层组织和广大群众可以随时任何时候都可以学习十九次全国代表大会的内容和精神。

EN: Through the mobile App, the broad party members, cadres, and masse around the country can have access to our most authoritative readings, reports and related references up to the minute.
ZH_REF: 非常的便捷，能够让那个全国的广大党员干部群众在第一时间可以阅读到我们的最权威的读本，我们的报告和我们的辅导材料。
ZH_HYP: 通过移动应用程序,全国范围的党员、干部和马赛人可以随时可以获得我们最权威的阅读、报告和相关参考。

EN: The 30th Session of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress was concluded at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on the afternoon of November 4. Chairman Zhang Dejiang presided over the final sitting.
ZH_REF: 十二届全国人大常委会第三十次会议四号下午在北京人民大会堂举行闭幕会，张德江委员长主持闭幕会。
ZH_HYP: 第十二届全国人民代表大会常务委员会第三十届会议于11月4日下午在北京人民大会堂主持了最后的。

EN: The newly amended Anti-Unfair Competition Law, newly amended Standardization Law, Public Library Law, Amendment X to the Criminal Law, and Decision on Amending Eleven Laws including the Accounting Law
ZH_REF: 会议经表决，通过了新修订的反不正当竞争法、新修订的标准化法、公共图书馆法
ZH_HYP: 新修订的《不公平竞争法》、新修订的《公共图书馆法》、《刑法》修正案x和关于修正11项法律的决定

EN: were passed in the session vote.
ZH_REF: 刑法修正案十、关于修改会计法等十一部法律的决定
ZH_HYP: 会议通过了。

EN: Guo Shengkun was removed from the concurrent post as Minister of Public Security.
ZH_REF: 决定免去郭声琨兼任的公安部部长职务。
ZH_HYP: 郭贤被从公安部部长职务。

EN: A decision was taken on extending the period of authorizing the State Council to temporarily adjust and implement relevant legal provisions in 33 pilot counties, cities, and districts including Daxing District of Beijing,
ZH_REF: 关于延长授权国务院在北京市大兴区等三十三个试点县、市、区行政区域暂时调整实施有关法律规定期限的决定。
ZH_HYP: 决定延长授权国务院在33个县、市、县、包括达兴区的有关法律规定的期限,

EN: approving the Treaties between China and Armenia on Judicial Assistance in Criminal Cases,
ZH_REF: 会议表决通过了关于批准《中国和亚美尼亚关于刑事司法协助的条约》的决定、关于批准中国和埃塞俄比亚关于民事
ZH_HYP: 批准中国与亚美尼亚关于刑事案件司法协助的条约,

EN: approving the Treaties between China and Ethiopia on Civil and Commercial Judicial Assistance, and
ZH_REF: 和商事司法协助的条约的决定
ZH_HYP: 批准中国与埃塞俄比亚关于民事和商业司法协助的条约,

EN: a report on the deliberative results of bills submitted for deliberation by the Presidium of the 5th Session of the 12th National People's Congress passed in a vote.
ZH_REF: 关于第十二届全国人大五次会议主席团交付审议的代表提出的议案审议结果的报告
ZH_HYP: 第十二届全国人民代表大会主席团审议的议案审议的审议结果报告。

EN: The report of the Credentials Committee of the NPC Standing Committee on the qualification of individual representative was passed in a vote.
ZH_REF: 会议表决通过了全国人大常委会代表资格审查委员会关于个别代表的代表资格的报告。
ZH_HYP: 全国人大常委会关于个人代表资格问题的报告以表决通过。

EN: Besides, other cases of appointment and removal were also passed in a vote.
ZH_REF: 会议还表决了其他任免案。
ZH_HYP: 此外,其他一些任命和免职案件也通过了表决。

EN: After all voting-related matters were completed, Chairman Zhang Dejiang made a summary speech on the work accomplished in this standing committee session.
ZH_REF: 在完成各项表决事项后，张德江作了讲话，总结了本次常委会会议所完成的各项工作。
ZH_HYP: 在所有与表决有关的问题之后,张德江主席就本常务委员会会议所做的工作作了总结。

EN: Afterwards, Zhang Dejiang made his request for an in-depth study and implementation of the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress. He stressed that the Standing Committee of NPC should make efforts to learn, comprehend, and implement the requirements of the 19th CPC National Congress,
ZH_REF: 随后，张德江就全国人大常委会深入学习贯彻党的十九大精神提出要求，他强调，要在学懂弄通做实上下功夫。
ZH_HYP: 此后,张德江提出要求深入深入和落实全国代表大会的要求,强调全国人大常委会应当努力学习、理解和落实《全国代表大会的要求,

EN: and strive to create a new dimension in the work of NPC. To achieve this, it should, on one hand, understand that the centralized and unified leadership of the Party Central Committee was the supreme principle of the party's leadership
ZH_REF: 努力开创人大工作新局面，一要深刻领会党中央集中统一领导是党的领导的最高原则
ZH_HYP: 要实现这一点,一方面要做到这一点,一方面要认识党中央中央中央领导的统一领导是党的领导的最高原则

EN: and unswervingly adhere to the centralized and unified leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core. On the other hand, it should comprehend thoroughly The Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era proposed by Xi Jinping.
ZH_REF: 坚定坚持以习近平同志为核心的党中央集中统一领导，二要深刻领会习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想
ZH_HYP: 坚持习近平同志中央中央委员会中央委员会领导核心,另一方面,要彻底理解习近平的新时代,中国特色社会主义思想的思想。

EN: Zhao Kezhi was appointed as the Minister of Public Security in the recently concluded 30th Session of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress.
ZH_REF: 刚刚闭幕的十二届全国人大常委会第三十次会议决定任命赵克志为公安部部长。
ZH_HYP: 赵志志被任命为第12届全国人民代表大会常务委员会第三十届会议。

EN: Responsible comrades of the National people's Congress and the Ministry of Public Security took part in the swearing-in.
ZH_REF: 全国人大机关、公安部有关负责同志参加了宣誓活动。
ZH_HYP: 全国人大和公安部的同志参加了宣誓就职。

EN: To interpret the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress, the people in Jiangxi Gao'an developed an intuitive understanding of the spirit and essence of the 19th CPC National Congress through a knowledge contest.
ZH_REF: 解读十九大精神，江西高安通过十九大精神知识竞答，让群众直观地领会精神实质。
ZH_HYP: 为了解释第19届全国代表大会的精神,江西高奥人民通过知识竞赛对第19届国民大会精神和精神的直觉。

EN: In Fujian Province, a light cavalry team of propaganda was organized and established, going down to countryside fields and seaside fishing villages to propagate the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress in both local dialect and mandarin,
ZH_REF: 福建省组建起十九大精神宣讲轻骑兵，深入到田间地头、海边渔村，用本地话、普通话宣讲十九大精神。
ZH_HYP: 福建省,组织了一个轻的骑兵队,并建立了农村田野、海边渔村,以地方方言和普通话,

EN: In the villages of Hebei Province, campstool propaganda teams composed of more than 36,000 party members and cadres were formed,
ZH_REF: 在河北乡村，小马扎宣讲小分队
ZH_HYP: 在河北省,由36000名党员和干部组成的campstole宣传队组成,

EN: paying group visits to and bringing the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress into villages, communities, enterprises and schools.
ZH_REF: 三万六千多名党员干部，通过大走访的形式，把十九大精神带进了乡村、社区、 企业、学校。
ZH_HYP: 向团体访问和精神,使全国代表大会精神成为全国代表大会.

EN: In Yulin of Guangxi Province, over ten thousand of party cadres participated in the activity of walking into the house of grass-roots.
ZH_REF: 广西玉林启动万名干部进万家活动
ZH_HYP: 在广西省的榆林,有1万党干部参加了基层活动。

EN: Local Women's Federation invited teachers from party schools to explain to local villagers the contents they were particularly concerned about in the 19th CPC National Congress report in a plain manner.
ZH_REF: 当地妇联请来党校教师， 把十九大报告中村民们特别关注的内容，通俗地讲给他们听。
ZH_HYP: 当地妇女联合会邀请来自党校的教师向当地村民解释,他们在第19届全国代表大会报告中特别关注的内容。

EN: As for the main tasks and responsibilities of enterprises
ZH_REF: 企业的主要任务和责任担当；
ZH_HYP: 关于企业的主要任务和责任

EN: in the Northwest Institute for Non-ferrous Metals Research, experts were focused on how to build a modern economic system on the basis of the current situation.
ZH_REF: 在西北有色金属研究院，专家结合实际，重点阐述的是如何建设现代化经济体系；
ZH_HYP: 在西北色金属研究,专家们重点关注如何在当前的情况下建立现代经济体系。

EN: At the construction site of the eco-friendly power station in Chengdu, Sichuan, experts from the Chengdu University of Technology College of Environment and Civil Engineering are explaining to the workers
ZH_REF: 在四川成都的环保发电厂施工现场，成都理工大学环境学院的专家，给工人们宣讲的内容
ZH_HYP: 在成都、四川成都环保发电站的建设工地,成都市成都大学的专家们向工人解释

EN: a section in the report about about advancing green development and building a beautiful China.
ZH_REF: 是报告中推进绿色发展，建设美丽中国的内容。
ZH_HYP: 报告中关于推动绿色发展和建设一个美丽的中国。

EN: White clouds dot a blue sky now. There are more days with white clouds than that of a few years ago. So, in the 19th CPC National Congress, we have also proposed to win
ZH_REF: 现在反正蓝天白云，白云的日子，比前几年多了。那么在十九大报告中，我们也提出呢就是要
ZH_HYP: 白云现在白云,白云,白云,白云,在第19届全国代表大会中,我们也提议赢得

EN: the war to protect our blue skies. Chengdu has completed the construction of three eco-friendly power generation projects, with daily waste treatment capacity of 6000 tonnes.
ZH_REF: 打赢这个呃蓝天保卫战，成都已建成的三座环保发电项目日处理垃圾达六千吨
ZH_HYP: 成都完成了三个环保发电项目的建设,每天建设三个环保的发电项目。

EN: The power generated would meet the demand of nearly 750,000 households, and save 250,000 tonnes of coal.
ZH_REF: 发电量可满足近七十五万户家庭用电需要，每年节约二十五万吨煤。
ZH_HYP: 产生的电力将满足近75万户的需求,并25万吨煤。

EN: The report delivered by General Secretary Xi in the 19th CPC National Congress has truly struck a chord in the hearts of our people.
ZH_REF: 习总书记十九大上所做的报告，都说到老百姓的心坎里面去了
ZH_HYP: 十一大秘书长在第19届大会上所提交的报告确实在我们人民的心中中了了一个弦。

EN: I have listened carefully to the report and noticed that our people have been mentioned 203 times, and cultural development 72 times by General Secretary Xi.
ZH_REF: 习总书记讲话，我仔细地看，想人民这两个字，是二百零三次，讲到了文化发
ZH_HYP: 我仔细听取了报告,注意到,十一大秘书长已经提到了我国人民的203次。

EN: Meanwhile, the report has mapped out a comprehensive plan to advance Chinese Dream and the overall development of socialist cultural quality.
ZH_REF: 展是七十二次，对推行中国梦，推行社会主义文化素质整体的发展做了一个全面的部署和推进。
ZH_HYP: 同时,报告还制定了一项全面的中国文化素质的全面计划。

EN: After coming back from his performance in Shandong, Meng Guanglu, the delegate to the 19th CPC National Congress and head of Tianjin Youth Peking Opera Troupe
ZH_REF: 刚刚从山东演出回来，十九大代表、天津市青年京剧团团长孟广禄
ZH_HYP: 在他在山东、中、中、中、天津青年京剧团的代表、天津青年京剧团团团团长

EN: organized his entire troupe to learn the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress.
ZH_REF: 组织全团宣讲十九大精神
ZH_HYP: 组织了他的全队,学习了十九届全国代表大会的精神.

EN: We should take root among the masses and serve the people, we should come up with fine works and align with the central government from thought to soul. Eulogizing our socialist
ZH_REF: 扎根于人民，为人民服务，我们更应该出来好的作品，更要从思想到灵魂跟中央保持一致，讴歌我们社会主义
ZH_HYP: 我们要在群众中扎根,为人民服务,我们要与中央政府统一起来,使我们的社会主义

EN: cultural confidence is of great significance not only to the cultural confidence of our cultural workers but also to the entire Chinese people.
ZH_REF: 文化自信对，不光是对于我们文化人来说，对整个中国人民的这种文化自信，是多么的重要。
ZH_HYP: 文化信心不仅对文化工作者的文化信心,而且对整个中国人民都具有重要的意义。

EN: The report of the 19th CPC National Congress points out,
ZH_REF: 党的十九大报告指出
ZH_HYP: 第19届次国家大会的报告指出,

EN: we must promote the creative evolution and development of fine traditional Chinese culture, see our revolutionary culture remains alive and strong, and develop an advanced socialist culture. We should cherish our cultural roots, draw on other cultures, and be forward-thinking.
ZH_REF: 推动优秀传统文化创造性转化、创新性发展， 继承革命文化，发展社会主义先进文化，不忘本来、吸收外来、面向未来
ZH_HYP: 我们必须促进优秀的中华文化的创新发展,发展,文化文化保持在强大的文化,,发展社会主义文化,文化,借鉴其他文化,,并文化文化,文化,文化,,文化,,文化

EN: We should do more to foster a Chinese spirit, Chinese values, and Chinese strength in order to provide a source of cultural and moral guidance for our people.
ZH_REF: 更好构筑中国精神、中国价值、中国力量，为人民提供精神指引。
ZH_HYP: 我们要为中国人提供文化和道德指导,为我们人民提供文化和道德指导。

EN: The day after the Congress was concluded, Zhang Jian, a delegate of the 19th CPC National Congress and prima ballerina of the National Ballet of China,
ZH_REF: 十九大代表、中央芭蕾舞团的首席演员张剑，开完大会的第二天
ZH_HYP: 在国会结束后的一天,中国国家9届全国代表大会代表和中国国家芭蕾舞芭蕾舞代表,

EN: left on a tour to perform at the grassroots level.
ZH_REF: 就踏上了去基层演出的路程。
ZH_HYP: 在基层表演.

EN: She will perform in the folk ballet, “Red Detachment of Women”, which premiered more than 50 years ago, and has been staged more than 4,000 times.
ZH_REF: 这次演出的剧目是民族芭蕾舞剧《红色娘子军》，问世五十多年来，《红色娘子军》已演出四千多场，深受观众喜爱。
ZH_HYP: 她将在50多年前的“红芭蕾舞”,表演,并在4000多次。

EN: We have been making efforts.
ZH_REF: 我们也是努力
ZH_HYP: 我们一直在努力。

EN: So in the following five years, we should continue to create works that belong to our nation and which reflect the humanistic spirit of the socialism for a new era.
ZH_REF: 那在未来的五年当中应该还有不断以创作， 我们民族的作品，特别社会主义这样的一个新时代的人文精神
ZH_HYP: 因此,在今后五年中,我们应当继续创造属于我们国家的的作品。

EN: Therefore, we should display the era adequately in our works.
ZH_REF: 那我们应该把这样的这个时代， 应该把它充分地表现出来，因为要体现在我们的作品当中。
ZH_HYP: 因此,我们应该在作品中充分展示.

EN: According to the latest news, the People’s Daily for tomorrow will publish a commentary, saying we should make a greater contribution to mankind as well as learn and implement the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress from eight perspectives.
ZH_REF: 本台消息明天出版的人民日报将发表评论员文章， 努力为人类做出新的更大贡献，八论学习贯彻党的十九大精神。
ZH_HYP: 根据最新消息,人民日报将发表评论,说我们应当从八点出发,对人类的贡献,并从八大的精神。

EN: The article points out, the 19th CPC National Congress takes the following as its mission, using new thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics for a new era, and addressing problems for mankind.
ZH_REF: 文章指出，党的十九大不仅以新思想引领中国特色社会主义新时代，也为解决人类问题
ZH_HYP: 本文指出,十九国大国代表大会以新新的时代为新的新时代,解决人类的问题。

EN: In this way, the dreams of Chinese people and those of the people all over the world will reinforce each other and continue to usher a new situation for great power diplomacy with Chinese characteristics.
ZH_REF: 作为自己的使命，让中国人民的梦想同各国人民的梦想交相辉映，不断开创中国特色大国外交的新局面
ZH_HYP: 中国人民和世界人民的梦想将相互加强,继续为中国特色的大国外交的新局面。

EN: Has reached 400,000-500,000
ZH_REF: 已达四十五万
ZH_HYP: 已达400,000-500000

EN: CCTV has broadcast the targeted poverty alleviation advertisement for Ludian pepper, which strongly promotes the sales.
ZH_REF: 中央电视台播出了鲁甸花椒的精准扶贫广告， 有力推动了花椒销售。
ZH_HYP: 央视公司为ludianpeerper的目标,该公司大力促进销售。

EN: Currently, green peppers with an area of 5000 hectares in the town of Longtou Mountain has become the pillar industry for the local poverty alleviation program.
ZH_REF: 目前， 龙头山镇七点五万亩青花椒已经成为当地脱贫攻坚的主要产业。
ZH_HYP: 目前,长城镇有5000公顷的绿皮,成为了当地扶贫方案的支柱产业。

EN: Guizhou kiwi fruit is a targeted poverty alleviation program for CCTV national brand advertisement, and belongs to the first batch of the advertisements. Due to this advertisement, the kiwi fruit, which once had no market in Xiuwen county,
ZH_REF: 贵州猕猴桃是央视国家品牌计划广告精准扶贫项目，播出的首批扶贫广告之一，在贵州省修文县
ZH_HYP: 贵州奇猴桃果是是央视的的减贫项目,,是首批广告广告,而在西城县没有市场的

EN: has become a shopping-rush fruit, and has even been exported abroad.
ZH_REF: 以前总是卖不出去的猕猴桃今年成了抢手货， 而且还出口到了国外。
ZH_HYP: 已经成为购物的水果,甚至国外出口了。

EN: cctv.com news: On the 11th, reporters learned from the China National Environmental Monitoring Centre that to date, China has already set up more than 5,000 national, provincial, municipal and county level monitoring stations and points; the ambient air quality monitoring network is completed.
ZH_REF: 央视网消息：记者11日从中国环境监测总站了解到，目前我国已经设置国家、省、市、县四个层级的5000余个监测站点，环境空气质量监测网已经建成。
ZH_HYP: 中央电视台新闻:中国环境监测中心的记者从中国国家环境监测中心得知,到目前为止,中国已经设立了5000多个国家、省、市级监测站和点;环境质量

EN: On Thursday afternoon local time, a sheriff in a county in Arizona issued a “challenge” to Obama claiming that after having conducted an investigation for more than five years, Obama’s birth certificate was confirmed to have been a forgery.
ZH_REF: 当地时间周四下午，亚利桑那州一个县的警长向奥巴马发起“挑战”，称在通过5年多的调查后证明，奥巴马的出生证明已经确定是伪造的。
ZH_HYP: 周四下午,美国的州的郡的一个郡的治安官对奥巴马提出了“挑战”,声称在进行了五年以上的调查后,奥巴马的出生证明是伪造的。

EN: To be sure, business registration of personal websites is still at the legislative drafting phase. Hence, disputes will unlikely be completely eliminated.
ZH_REF: 当然，目前个人网店工商登记还处于立法草案阶段，争议也不可能完全消除。
ZH_HYP: 当然,个人网站的商业登记仍在立法起草阶段,因此,争议将完全消除。

EN: In an interview yesterday, Shenhua head coach Gustav Poyet expressed: “The preparation in Okinawa is very important. I hope everyone in the team can show up.”
ZH_REF: 昨天，申花队主教练波耶特在接受采访时表示：冲绳备战非常重要，希望队里所有人都能参加。
ZH_HYP: 在昨天的采访中,,华主教练古斯塔夫·波瓦耶表示:“在冲绳的准备工作非常重要。

EN: Trump's new chief of staff plans to restrict the president's media diet.
ZH_REF: 特朗普的新任幕僚长计划限制总统的媒体时间
ZH_HYP: 特朗普的新主任计划限制总统的媒体饮食。

EN: Others have tried and failed.
ZH_REF: 其他人也曾尝试过，但均以失败告终。
ZH_HYP: 其他一些人尝试过失败。

EN: Maybe John F. Kelly can actually do it.
ZH_REF: 约翰·F·凯利也许真的能够做到。
ZH_HYP: 也许约翰·凯利实际上能做到。

EN: If so, he will be the first.
ZH_REF: 如果真的如此，那他就是第一人。
ZH_HYP: 如果是,他就会成为第一个。

EN: Politico reports that the new White House chief of staff plans to restrict the flow of information to President Trump - including news media reports - in the hope of keeping the boss on a more even keel.
ZH_REF: 据美国政治新闻网站 Politico 报道，新任白宫幕僚长计划限制流向特朗普总统的信息——包括新闻媒体报告——以期保证大老板更加平稳。
ZH_HYP: 据报道,新白宫的白宫白宫办公室计划限制总统总统的新闻,包括新闻报道,希望让老板更加更更有更。

EN: Here's a bit from reporter Josh Dawsey:
ZH_REF: 以下是摘自记者乔什·道西的一段话：
ZH_HYP: 记者jhdawey:

EN: "When new White House Chief of Staff John F. Kelly huddled with senior staff on his first day at work, he outlined a key problem in President Donald Trump's White House that he planned to fix: bad information getting into the president's hands.
ZH_REF: “当新任白宫幕僚长约翰·F·凯利开始第一天工作与高级官员聚集讨论时，他指出他要解决特朗普总统入主白宫的一个主要问题：流向总统手中的不良信息”。
ZH_HYP: 当白宫新白宫参谋长约翰·凯利在上班时,他概述了唐纳德·特朗普白宫的一个关键问题,他计划解决:总统总统的手中的坏信息。

EN: Kelly told the staff that information needed to flow through him - whether on paper or in briefings - because the president would make better decisions if given good information."
ZH_REF: 凯利告诉这些官员，收到优良信息有助于总统作出更好的决定，因此信息才需要经他之手——无论以书面形式还是简报形式。
ZH_HYP: 凯利告诉员工们,在他的情况下,通过他的信息,无论是在纸还是在简报中,因为总统会做出更好的决定。”

EN: Kelly's diagnosis makes perfect sense, but others have tried and failed to tame Trump by monitoring his media diet.
ZH_REF: 凯利的诊断似模似样，但其他人也曾试图通过监视特朗普的媒体时间将其驯服，但最终都以失败告终。
ZH_HYP: 凯利的诊断是很有道理,但其他人却通过监测媒体的饮食来来驯服。

EN: President Trump's relationship with television goes back decades - and now that he's in the White House, his TV-watching habit is still going strong.
ZH_REF: 特朗普总统的电视瘾由来已久——现在在白宫，他看电视的习惯仍然在加深。
ZH_HYP: 特朗普总统与电视的关系已经过去了几十年,如今他的电视转播习惯仍在很大。

EN: "If candidate Trump was upset about unfair coverage, it was productive to show him that he was getting fair coverage from outlets that were persuadable," Sam Nunberg, a former campaign adviser, told Politico in February.
ZH_REF: 二月份时，前竞选顾问山姆·那伯格告诉 Politico 称：“如果候选人特朗普对不公平报道感到沮丧，那么让他知道他在可信渠道也得到了正面报道将大有裨益。
ZH_HYP: “如果特朗普对不公平的报道感到不公平,他他他他,他他从从说服力的的渠道获得了公平的报道,”前竞选顾问萨姆?

EN: Politico's Tara Palmeri wrote at the time that "the key to keeping Trump's Twitter habit under control, according to six former campaign officials, is to ensure that his personal media consumption includes a steady stream of praise."
ZH_REF: Politico 的塔拉·帕尔梅里当时写到，“根据六位前竞选官员的经验，控制特朗普发推特的习惯的重点在于保证他个人接收的媒体信息中一直包含一定的赞扬。”
ZH_HYP: 据6名前竞选官员称,“保持特朗普的特习惯的关键在于控制特朗普的twitter习惯的关键,就是要确保他的个人的媒体消费包括稳定的。

EN: Okay.
ZH_REF: 这完全没问题。
ZH_HYP: 好吧。

EN: But the idea that Trump's Twitter habit has ever been "under control" is laughable.
ZH_REF: 但是特朗普的推特习惯曾经“受控”这个观点实在可笑。
ZH_HYP: 但特朗普的推特习惯曾经“控制”的想法是可笑的。

EN: Maybe these campaign officials know something the rest of us don't - that Trump's tweets would have been even more inflammatory if not for their interventions.
ZH_REF: 可能这些竞选官员知道某些我们不知道的事——那就是如果不是有他们的干预，特朗普的推特甚至会更加火气冲天。
ZH_HYP: 也许这些运动官员知道我们其他人的不——如果特朗普的推特如果不是他们的干预的话,那么他们的的推特就会更加炎症。

EN: We'll probably never know about tweets that Trump didn't send.
ZH_REF: 我们可能从来不知道特朗普没有发送的那些推特。
ZH_HYP: 我们可能永远不知道特朗普的推特。

EN: If his staffers managed to him out of trouble even a few times, then their efforts were worthwhile.
ZH_REF: 如果他的职员能够救他于水火之中，哪怕只有几次，他们的努力也是值得的。
ZH_HYP: 如果他的职员甚至几次麻烦,,他们的努力都是值得的。

EN: But no one has been able to consistently prevent Trump from stirring up controversy.
ZH_REF: 但是没人能够一直阻止特朗普引起争议。
ZH_HYP: 但没有人能够始终阻止特朗普引发争议。

EN: Part of the problem is that in a White House composed of competing factions, people invariably try to advance their agendas by presenting Trump with material - which may or may not be reliable - that promotes their worldviews.
ZH_REF: 一部分问题在于在一个由相互竞争的集团组成的白宫中，人们通过向特朗普递交可能可靠也可能不可靠的资料来宣扬他们的世界观，花式推动他们的事业。
ZH_HYP: 问题的一部分是,在一个由相互竞争的派别组成的白宫,人们总是通过通过特朗普来推进他们的议程,从而推动他们的世界观。

EN: Politico - all over this story - reported in May on advisers' penchants for strategically feeding dubious information to the president.
ZH_REF: Politico——都是关于这个故事——五月份报道了各顾问对向总统战略性提供可疑信息的嗜好。
ZH_HYP: 这个故事----在5月报道了顾问的的顾问们的策略性的信息。

EN: This was one example, described by reporter Shane Goldmacher:
ZH_REF: 这是记者谢恩·古德曼彻描述的一个例子：
ZH_HYP: 这是一个例子,记者谢恩·戈德马赫:

EN: "Current and former Trump officials say Trump can react volcanically to negative press clips, especially those with damaging leaks, becoming engrossed in finding out where they originated.
ZH_REF: “现任与前任特朗普官员称，特朗普对负面新闻片段的反应如火山喷发，尤其是那些有破坏性的信息泄露，他会疯狂地想要找出其来源。
ZH_HYP: 现任特朗普官员说,特朗普可以对负面的新闻剪辑,特别是那些那些有破坏性的人,他们发现他们的起源。

EN: No matter that Johnson had been permanently banned from Twitter for harassment or that he offered no concrete evidence or that he had lobbed false accusations in the past and recanted them.
ZH_REF: 即使约翰逊已因骚扰遭推特永久封禁，也没有提供任何具体证据，而且他曾炸出大量错误质控，后来又都公然否认。
ZH_HYP: 无论约翰逊被长期被推特的骚扰,或没有提供具体证据,或者他没有提出具体的证据,也没有被他的指控。

EN: Trump read the article and began asking staff about Walsh."
ZH_REF: 特朗普看了文章然后开始向官员询问沃尔什的情况。”
ZH_HYP: 特朗普读了这篇文章,开始向员工问。

EN: Goldmacher added that then-chief of staff Reince Priebus and White House staff secretary Rob Porter "have tried to implement a system to manage and document the paperwork Trump receives."
ZH_REF: 古德曼彻还说，当时的幕僚长雷因斯·普里巴斯和白宫秘书罗伯·波特“曾试图建立一个系统来管理并记录特朗普收到的文件”。
ZH_HYP: ”“”“”“”,”“”“”,”“”,白宫工作人员和白宫白宫工作人员的罗伯·波特(robporporter)曾试图实施一个系统来管理

EN: How'd that work out?
ZH_REF: 结果呢？
ZH_HYP: 那怎么会干得的?

EN: Kelly is trying to do the same thing, three months later.
ZH_REF: 凯利打算做同样的事，在三个月后。
ZH_HYP: 凯利三个月后,凯利也在努力。

EN: Perhaps he will prove a more effective manager than Priebus, but Trump is still his impulsive self, and his aides are still vying for influence.
ZH_REF: 可能他能证明自己是比普里巴斯更有效率的管理者，但是特朗普还是那个冲动的特朗普，而他的助手仍在相互竞争，争夺影响力。
ZH_HYP: 也许他将证明比比ebus,但特朗普仍然是他的冲动的自我,他的助手仍在争夺影响力。

EN: Those immutable factors will make Kelly's mission very difficult.
ZH_REF: 这些永恒的影响因素会让凯利的任务难上加难。
ZH_HYP: 这些不道德的因素将使凯利的使命变得非常困难。

EN: Tourism charm town: How does charm mesmerize tourists
ZH_REF: 旅游风情小镇：风情如何醉游人
ZH_HYP: 旅游魅力:如何吸引游客

EN: [Abstract] The potential of small towns in Zhejiang is gradually unleashed.
ZH_REF: [摘要]浙江小镇的潜力被逐步唤醒。
ZH_HYP: [抽象]浙江小城镇的潜力逐渐逐渐释放。

EN: Reputed for Local Custom
ZH_REF: 胜在风情
ZH_HYP: 因当地习俗而被

EN: "Village theatrical performance is staged as the moon rises, while the pleasant smell of delicious sausage spreads with breeze."
ZH_REF: “社戏锣鼓伴月升，腊肠香味随风飘。
ZH_HYP: “村戏剧表演”的月亮升起,而香味香肠的香味香味。

EN: It is reported that during the three-day New Year's holiday, more than 65,000 tourists visit Anchang Ancient Town.
ZH_REF: 据悉，今年元旦三天假期期间，安昌古镇游客超过6.5万人次。
ZH_HYP: 据报道,在新年的新年期间,65000多名游客参观了游城。

EN: In recent years, with the promotion of tourism construction throughout the whole region, the potential of Zhejiang’s small towns have been gradually awakened.
ZH_REF: 近年来，随着我省全域旅游建设的推进，浙江小镇的潜力被逐步唤醒。
ZH_HYP: 近年来,随着整个地区的旅游建设,浙江小镇的潜力逐渐逐渐觉醒。

EN: In 2016, the provincial government office issued the "The implementation of the creation of a tourist town in Zhejiang Province”, which proposed that the province would accept and name about 100 tourist towns with strong folk customs, beautiful ecological environment and rich tourism industries after 5 years or so.
ZH_REF: 在2016年，省政府办公厅正式发布了《浙江省旅游风情小镇创建工作实施办法》，提出通过5年左右的时间，在全省验收命名100个左右民俗民风淳厚、生态环境优美、旅游业态丰富的省级旅游风情小镇。
ZH_HYP: 2016年,省政府办公室发布了"浙江省旅游旅游的实施,建议该省将接受和名称约100个旅游城镇,旅游,在5年左右。

EN: The responsible people of the Provincial Tourism Bureau established that with the rise of these tourism style towns, we must now pay more attention to the construction of the personalized tourism industry and new tourism projects and formats emerging one after another. These have brought rich experiences to tourists and earned glowing reputations.
ZH_REF: 省旅游局相关负责人介绍，在旅游风情小镇的创建热潮下，现在我省各地乡镇更加重视个性化旅游产业的打造，新的旅游项目与业态层出不穷，为游客带来了丰富体验，赢得了良好口碑。
ZH_HYP: 在旅游局的负责任的人,随着旅游风格的兴起,我们必须更加关注建设旅游的旅游和新的旅游项目和新的旅游项目和格式,这些旅游者给游客带来了丰富的经验

EN: Emphasis on promotion
ZH_REF: 重在推广
ZH_HYP: 强调促进

EN: “A style town has artistic beauty and living warmth.
ZH_REF: “风情小镇有艺术之美、有生活温度。
ZH_HYP: “一个风格的城市。

EN: The style of the towns lies in the original sense, flavor and township, which represents the original purity.
ZH_REF: 小镇的风情在于原汁、原味、原乡，一种原生态的纯粹。
ZH_HYP: 城镇的风格在于原的原貌,风味和乡镇。

EN: Many scenic tourist towns in Zhejiang have deep cultural resources. Dong Xinjian, a town deputy from Nanxun, Huzhou, appeared in the site in person and interpreted Nanxun as a traditional Chinese painting.
ZH_REF: 浙江的众多风情旅游小镇都有深厚的文化资源，来自湖州市南浔的小镇代表董新建在现场为大家解读了国画南浔。
ZH_HYP: 浙江的风景旅游胜地,是中国人的的,,是中国人的传统画。

EN: The style of towns in the south of the lower reaches of the Yangze River have been popular with painters since ancient times. Nowadays, the Nanxun Ancient Town is developing in-depth cooperation with art academies such as the China Academy of Art.
ZH_REF: 江南水乡风情自古颇受书画家的喜爱，如今，南浔古镇与中国美院等艺术院校开展深度合作。
ZH_HYP: 自古以来,南京的的的文艺与中国艺术院等艺术院的深入合作。

EN: Tourism style towns must be equipped with elements of style, tourism, service and the environment.
ZH_REF: 旅游风情小镇必备风情要素、旅游要素、服务要素和环境要素。
ZH_HYP: 旅游风格的城镇必须具备风格、旅游、服务和环境的要素.

EN: Among these, tourism service facilities and the environment are very important.
ZH_REF: 在这当中，旅游的服务设施和环境也是十分重要的内容。
ZH_HYP: 其中,旅游服务设施和环境十分重要。

EN: If the tourists are handed in an umbrella on a rainy day, they can better experience the town’s style.
ZH_REF: 下雨天如果递上一把及时伞，也能让游客更好地体验小镇的风情。
ZH_HYP: 如果游客在雨天伞上,他们可以更好地体验这个城市的风格。

EN: This has become a bright spot in the 2017 promotional season of Zhejiang’s tourism towns, "Poetic Zhejiang, Towns with folk customs”.
ZH_REF: 这成为“诗画浙江?镇有风情”2017浙江旅游风情小镇推广季活动中的一个亮点。
ZH_HYP: 这已成为2017年浙江旅游旅游旅游季节的一个亮点。

EN: Expecting wonders
ZH_REF: 期待精彩
ZH_HYP: 期待着奇妙的

EN: Up to now, Zhejiang Province has released the list of the first 21 provincial-level tourism towns that will ultimately culminate in a grand total of 115 provincial tourism towns.
ZH_REF: 截至目前，浙江省已经发布了首批21家省级旅游风情小镇创建名单和115家省级旅游风情小镇培育创建名单。
ZH_HYP: 到目前为止,浙江省公布了首批21个省级旅游城镇名单,最终最终最终115个省城镇。

EN: As the prior area for the development of rural tourism during the “13th Five-Year Plan” period, the style towns will eventually be built into tourist attractions with a grade of 3A or higher, becoming a new model for tourism product diversity, tourism benefits and industrial integration.
ZH_REF: 作为乡村旅游“十三五”时期优先发展的重点区域，风情小镇将最终建成3A级以上旅游景区，成为旅游产品多样、旅游效益突出、产业融合共赢的新样板。
ZH_HYP: 作为“十五””时期,将以“十五””时期的发展农村旅游,为旅游旅游旅游的旅游旅游,成为旅游产品多样化、旅游效益和产业一体化的新模式。

EN: What makes tourism style towns attractive is their authenticity and originality.
ZH_REF: 旅游风情小镇之所以吸引人，关键在于它的原汁原味。
ZH_HYP: 使旅游风格的城镇有吸引力是真实性和独创性。

EN: The beauty of the tourism style towns not only stems from the misty bridges and rivers, but also from a long history of cultural tradition; the revitalization of the country is due to cultural self-confidence.
ZH_REF: 旅游风情小镇之美，不仅源于烟雨迷蒙的小桥流水，也来自悠久文化传统；乡村振兴，源于文化自信。
ZH_HYP: 旅游风格的城镇不仅源于雾桥和河流,而且来自文化传统的悠久历史;国家的振兴是文化的自信。

EN: For the style towns, the point “Emphasis on characteristics and retention of nostalgia” has given the towns a distinct personality and soul, further providing cultural permeation, carrying local cultural traditions, and highlighting native civilizations.
ZH_REF: 对于风情小镇而言，“突显特色、留住乡愁”的重点使小镇具有明显的个性和灵魂，更在于提供文化浸润、承载地方文脉、彰显乡土文明。
ZH_HYP: 对于风格的城镇,“强调怀旧”的重点是“强调怀旧的特征和留用”,进一步提供文化渗透,,文化传统,突出了当地文化的文化传统,并突出了当地文明

EN: Tourism style towns, with culture and nostalgia as the link and humanities and scenery as the carrier, connect tourists all over the world while inherit and innovate the traditional customs and cultures in the co-construction and sharing process.
ZH_REF: 旅游风情小镇，以文化和乡愁为纽带，以人文和风景为载体，联接着四方游客，让传统的风情和文化在共建共享中传承、创新。
ZH_HYP: 旅游风格的城镇,以文化和怀旧为联系,把世界的人与人的联系,在共同建设和共享过程中,与世界的人联系,共同建设和分享过程。

EN: Essentially speaking, the tourism style town is a complex open-style tourism area, and it should be a shared living space for local residents, exotic tourists and even sojourners.
ZH_REF: 从本质上讲，旅游风情小镇是一个复合型开放式的旅游景区，更应是当地居民和外来游客乃至旅居者共建共享的生活空间。
ZH_HYP: 基本上,旅游风格的城镇是一个复杂的开放式旅游区,它应该成为当地居民、外来游客和甚至居者的共同生活空间。

EN: As the main battlefield for tourism growth in the future, tourism style towns will change the rural ecological landscape, economic and social development patterns, and the flow direction of industrial factors. Additionally, they will play an important role in eliminating the urban-rural infrastructure gap, hastening rural cultural recovery.
ZH_REF: 作为今后旅游业增长的主战场，旅游风情小镇不仅可能改变乡村生态面貌、经济社会发展方式、产业要素流动方向，更是消弭城乡基建鸿沟、唤醒乡村文化复苏的重要力量。
ZH_HYP: 作为未来旅游增长的主要战场,旅游模式的城镇将改变农村生态格局、经济和社会发展格局,以及工业因素的流动方向,在城乡基础设施建设中发挥重要作用。

EN: In the wake of accelerating revitalization of the countryside, Zhejiang tourist towns will receive a more abundant and wonderful story.
ZH_REF: 在乡村加速振兴的大潮中，浙江旅游风情小镇将演绎更丰富的精彩故事。
ZH_HYP: 在加快振兴农村的后,浙江旅游城镇将得到更丰富、更精彩的故事。

EN: Figures indicate that 70% of China’s travel demand is concentrated within a 3km radius. On this basis, the short-distance travel market will become a bike sharing paradise sooner or later.
ZH_REF: 有数据显示，中国70%的出行需求集中在3公里范围内，以此而论，整个短途出行市场早晚是共享单车的天下。
ZH_HYP: 数字表明,中国70%的旅游需求集中在3公里以内,在此基础上,短距离旅行市场将成为一个自行车的天堂。

EN: A report in “The Nikkei” claimed that inflationary pressure will increase because of the expansionary fiscal policies of the next Trump administration. The pace of interest rate hikes will also accelerate in 2017.
ZH_REF: 《日本财经新闻》报道，称由于特朗普下一届政权的财政扩张政策，通货膨胀压力将加强，2017年的加息速度也将加快。
ZH_HYP: 一份报告称,由于下一届特朗普政府扩张性财政政策的扩张性财政政策,通胀压力将加快。

EN: The annual International Consumer Electronics Show (CES), held between January 9 (January 10, Beijing time) and 12, opened in Las Vegas, USA.
ZH_REF: 一年一度的国际消费电子展（CES）于1月9日（北京时间1月10日）至12日在美国拉斯维加斯开幕。
ZH_HYP: 每年1月9日(10日,北京时间)和12岁的国际消费品展览(ces)在美国拉斯维加斯开。

EN: According to the list of exhibitors published by the official CES website, the 51st CES attracted 4,577 corporate participants from around the world.
ZH_REF: 根据CES官方网站1月9日公布的参展商名单，第51届CES共有4577家各国企业参展。
ZH_HYP: 根据官方官方网站公布的参展人名单,第51届会议吸引了世界各地的457名公司参与者。

EN: Compared to the massive 13,000 TV dramas broadcast by satellite TV each year, these “terminated dramas” are but a drop in the ocean.
ZH_REF: 相对于每年卫视播出1.3万集电视剧的巨大产量，这些“腰斩剧”不过是沧海一粟。
ZH_HYP: 与每年卫星电视的的13000个电视剧相比,这些“终止的剧”只是海洋的下降。

EN: Travellers negotiate trench, return to 'Millionaire's row'
ZH_REF: 房车客对沟渠进行谈判，重返“富豪街”
ZH_HYP: 旅客们谈判战壕,回到“百万富翁”

EN: Some of the West Midlands' wealthiest homeowners are again at loggerheads with determined travellers who have negotiated a council-dug trench to reclaim a field outside their mansions.
ZH_REF: 一些西米德兰兹地区最富有的业主与意志坚定的房车客再次发生争执，这些房车客就一条政府开掘的沟渠进行协商，要求归还豪宅之外的土地。
ZH_HYP: 一些西中西部的一些最富有的房主再次在了他们的的,他们已经通过了一个安理会挖沟来回他们的战地。

EN: The travellers have parked their 20 caravans in a field outside a prosperous street of Solihull dubbed 'millionaire's row'.
ZH_REF: 房车客将他们的 20 辆拖车停在繁华的索利赫尔街之外的一片空地上，这条街被冠名为“富豪街”。
ZH_HYP: 旅行者在一个“百万富翁”的“百万富翁”的“百万富翁”的

EN: Bringing horses, babies and an army of vans, they have returned after being kicked out only in May, undeterred by a moat dug by the council to prevent their incursions.
ZH_REF: 房车客们牵着着马匹，怀抱婴儿和率领房车车队，在五月份被赶走后再次回归，市政部门挖出的“护城河”并没有阻止到他们的进入。
ZH_HYP: 他们在5月才被踢出马、婴儿和军队,他们在5月才被安理会挖出来,以阻止他们的入侵。

EN: The tactful group found a gap in the defences, squeezing their vehicles though a section left unbarricaded to accommodate a pathway.
ZH_REF: 这支圆滑老练的队伍发现这道防御线有个缺口，尽管有一段路没有设置路障适合通过，但他们的车辆通过该缺口挤入。
ZH_HYP: 机智的小组发现抗辩中的了一个,但在车门上挤压了,但却挤压了他们的车辆。

EN: Furious residents have savaged Solihull Council saying it was 'useless at dealing with the problem'.
ZH_REF: 愤怒的居民对索利赫尔委员会 (Solihull Council) 进行了猛烈的批评，称其“在处理这个问题时表现很差劲”。
ZH_HYP: 愤怒的居民曾萨萨姆理事会说,在处理这个问题上是毫无用处的。

EN: One anonymous resident said: 'They moved there on Monday night after being moved on from Bentley Heath where they were throwing rocks at passers by.
ZH_REF: 一位不愿具名的居民说：“他们是在周一晚上到那里的，之前来到宾利希思街，向过往的路人扔石块。
ZH_HYP: 一位匿名居民说:“他们星期一晚上从伯特利希斯那里搬到那里,他们在向行人投掷石块。

EN: The council needs to be shamed into action as they are useless at dealing with the problem.
ZH_REF: 该委员会应该对他们的作为感到羞耻，因为他们在处理问题上简直是一无是处。
ZH_HYP: 安理会需要在处理这个问题毫无用处。

EN: The travellers were there in May, were moved on and now they are back again.
ZH_REF: 房车客们在五月份来到这里，随后被赶走了，现在他们又回来了。
ZH_HYP: 5月,旅客们在那里,又又回来了。

EN: More arrived last night, probably even more today.'
ZH_REF: 昨晚来了不少，今天可能会更多。”
ZH_HYP: 昨晚更多的人来了。

EN: She added: 'Birmingham council knows how to deal with this by getting long injunctions to protect their parks.
ZH_REF: 她补充道：“伯明翰市议会知道如何通过实施长期禁令保护其公园的方式进行处理。
ZH_HYP: 她补充说:伯明翰委员会知道如何通过长期的禁令来来处理。

EN: I live on Streetsbrook road and I'm not happy to continue paying my council tax when the council can't even stop this.'
ZH_REF: 我住在斯珠茨布鲁克 (Streetsbrook) 路，如果议会不能阻止这样的事情，我可不愿意继续支付市政税。
ZH_HYP: 我住在大街上,我不高兴继续在安理会的时候继续向我交税。

EN: One local resident who did not wish to be named said: 'It is ridiculous, we have only just seen the last round of these travellers leaving, only to be blighted by another round.
ZH_REF: 一位不愿透露姓名的当地居民说：“这太荒谬了，我们刚刚看到上一批房车客走了，只是便于另一批来毁坏。
ZH_HYP: 一个不希望被命名的当地居民说:“荒谬,我们只看到了最后一轮游离的最后一轮,只是被另一轮的了。

EN: The numbers have increased this time and a horse has even been seen grazing on the parkland.'
ZH_REF: 这次的数量又增加了，有人甚至看到公园草坪上有马在吃草。”
ZH_HYP: 这个数字已经增加,甚至在公园里看到了一个草场。

EN: A spokeswoman for Solihull Council said: 'We are aware of an unauthorised encampment on land off Streetsbrook Road and working alongside Solihull Police, we are undertaking the necessary legal actions to move them on as quickly as possible.
ZH_REF: 一位索利赫尔委员会的女发言人表示：“我们知道有人在斯珠茨布鲁克路的一片空地上进行未经许可的露营，现在我们配合索利赫尔警察工作，并采取必要的法律行动，让他们尽快搬离。
ZH_HYP: 索利赫理事会的一位发言人表示:“我们意识到,在街道上的土地上,未经授权的营地,并与索莱姆警察一起,我们正在采取必要的法律行动,尽快将他们移

EN: To support our evidence gathering it is very important that as many local residents as possible report any anti-social or criminal behaviour to the police by calling 101.
ZH_REF: 为了支持我们收集证据，请尽可能多的当地居民通过致电 101 向警方报告任何反社会或犯罪行为，这一点非常重要。
ZH_HYP: 为了支持我们的证据,,非常重要的是,尽可能多的当地居民举报警方的反社会或犯罪行为。

EN: This helps build a picture of the situation for the court to consider when we present our case to them.'
ZH_REF: 这有助于我们向法院提交案件时勾勒出情况概貌，供法院审视。”
ZH_HYP: 这有助于在我们向他们提出案件时考虑的情况。

EN: The Fifth Session of the 12th National People's Congress held its closing ceremony at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on March 15.
ZH_REF: 3月15日，第十二届全国人民代表大会第五次会议在北京人民大会堂举行闭幕会。
ZH_HYP: 第十二届全国人民代表大会第五届会议于3月15日在北京人民大会堂举行闭幕式。

EN: This is an interview with Ma Junsheng, Director-General of the State Post Bureau.
ZH_REF: 这是国家邮政局局长马军胜接受采访。
ZH_HYP: 这是国家局局长马俊生的采访。

EN: Xinhua News Agency/Chen Yehua/CRI Online: The Fifth Session of the 12th National People's Congress held its closing ceremony at the Great Hall of the People at 9am on March 15.
ZH_REF: 新华社记者陈晔华摄国际在线报道：3月15日上午9时，第十二届全国人民代表大会第五次会议在人民大会堂举行闭幕会。
ZH_HYP: 新华社/陈华华/:第12届全国人民大常委会第五届会议于3月15日在人民大会堂举行闭幕式。

EN: Ma Junsheng said that efforts to resolve four major prominent issues in the express delivery industry will be enhanced this year. The development of the express delivery industry in China has entered the express lane.
ZH_REF: 今年将加大力度解决四大快递行业突出问题马军胜说，中国快递业发展现已进入快车道。
ZH_HYP: 马俊生表示,今年快递行业的四大问题的努力将得到加强。

EN: In 2012, express delivery volume in China stood at 5.6 billion items, and at least 10,000 express delivery three-wheelers were deployed. A single standard, a unique logo and a unified insurance were implemented, which facilitated delivery and ensured safety.
ZH_REF: 2012年中国快递量是56亿件，万辆快递三轮车上路，实行统一标准、统一标识、统一保险，既方便了投递，也保证了安全。
ZH_HYP: 2012年,中国运递快递运货量为56亿,并部署了10000次快递三轮,,实施了单一标准、独特的标志和统一保险,

EN: This was not the first time that the United Nations had appointed a virtual character as an honorary ambassador. “Angry Birds”, “Doraemon” and “Winne the Pooh” have previously served as honorary ambassadors for the United Nations.
ZH_REF: 这并不是联合国第一次尝试选用虚拟角色担任荣誉大使。“愤怒的小鸟”、“小叮当”、“小熊维尼”此前都曾被当过联合国的荣誉大使。
ZH_HYP: 这不是联合国第一次任命了一个名誉大使,"愤怒的鸟类"、"doraemon"和"winne"等联合国的大使。

EN: The price of light crude oil futures for August 2016 ended the day up US$2.04 or 4.56% at US$46.80 pbl on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
ZH_REF: 截至当日收盘，纽约商品交易所2016年8月交货的轻质原油期货价格上涨2.04美元，收于每桶46.80美元，涨幅为4.56%。
ZH_HYP: 2016年8月的轻原油原油价格在纽约商品交易所的46.80美元,收于4.80美元。

EN: Meanwhile, the price of London Brent crude futures for September 2016 ended the day up US$2.22 or 4.80% at US$48.47 pbl.
ZH_REF: 2016年9月交货的伦敦布伦特原油期货价格上涨2.22美元，收于每桶48.47美元，涨幅为4.80%。
ZH_HYP: 与此同时,2016年9月伦敦布伦特原油价格为2.22美元,即4.80%。

EN: The U.S. Dollar Index, which measures the US$ against six major currencies, ended the day down 0.10%, falling to 96.479 at the closing session.
ZH_REF: 衡量美元对六种主要货币的美元指数当天下跌0.10%，在汇市尾市跌至96.479。
ZH_HYP: 美国美元指数(美元)指数在收盘上的美元汇率指数下跌0.10%,在闭幕会议上跌幅为96.479。

EN: The weaker US$ made investing in crude oil, which is priced in US$, more attractive, underpinning oil prices for the day.
ZH_REF: 美元走弱增加了以美元计价的石油的投资吸引力，在当天支撑了油价。
ZH_HYP: 美元的美元投资于原油,而原油价格价格以美元价格为基础。

EN: Stanford University launched its “One Hundred Year Study on Artificial Intelligence, or AI 100” to conduct a long-term evaluation of the future of AI.
ZH_REF: 美国斯坦福大学推出“人工智能100年发展研究计划”(One Hundred Year Study on Artificial Intelligence, 简称AI100)，以对AI的未来进行长期评估。
ZH_HYP: 斯坦福大学发起了“一百年人工智能”,对人工智能的未来进行长期评估。

EN: Researchers believed that AI will be omnipresent in the future, and will play a significant role.
ZH_REF: 研究人员认为，将来AI将无所不在，并将发挥重要影响力。
ZH_HYP: 研究人员认为,人工智能将在未来中无所不在。

EN: In terms of employment and the job market, researchers believed that AI can replace tasks but not the job post. It can also help create new jobs at the same time.
ZH_REF: 当涉及就业和职场时，研究认为AI可取代任务而非工作岗位，同时可帮助创造新的工作。
ZH_HYP: 在就业和就业市场方面,研究人员认为人工智能可以取代任务,但同时也能同时创造新的工作。

EN: According to an actor in the cast, Zhang Mo is attentive to detail at the set. He would personally attend to every aspect at the set, from the extras to costume and makeup.
ZH_REF: 据剧组一名演员透露，张末在现场是个心思细腻的人，从群众演员到服化道，方方面面都要亲自盯到位。
ZH_HYP: 根据演员演员的,张mo在集装上的细节,他亲自亲自参加一套,从外套到服装和化妆品。

EN: Italy toughens tone on NGO migrant rescue boats
ZH_REF: 意大利对非政府组织移民救援船采取强硬态度
ZH_HYP: 意大利对非政府组织救援船的

EN: Italy has warned NGOs operating migrant rescue boats in the Mediterranean they will not be allowed to continue if they do not sign up to new rules governing their operations.
ZH_REF: 意大利向地中海经营移民救援船的非政府组织发出警告，如果不签署新的行动管理规范，他们将不得继续实施救援。
ZH_HYP: 意大利警告非政府组织在地中海经营移民救援船,如果不签署关于其业务的新规则,就不会继续。

EN: "If NGOs do not sign up to a new code of conduct, it is difficult to see how they can continue operating," Interior Minister Marco Minniti said in an interview with Turin daily La Stampa.
ZH_REF: 内政部长马可·明尼蒂在接受都灵日报《新闻报》采访时称：“如果非政府组织不签署新的行为规范，很难看出他们将何以为继。”
ZH_HYP: “如果非政府组织不签署新的行为守则,那么他们很难看到它们如何继续运作,”马可·明尼蒂在接受《《每日邮票》的采访中表示。

EN: Minniti's warning came a day after Italian authorities impounded a boat operated by German aid organisatiion Jugend Rettet on suspicion its crew effectively collaborated with people traffickers in a way that facilitated illegal immigration.
ZH_REF: 在明尼蒂发出警告的前一天，意大利官方因怀疑德国援助组织“青年救助”一艘船上的船员实际上勾结人口贩子，协助非法移民而将其扣押。
ZH_HYP: 明尼提的警告是在意大利政府对德国援助组织的的船只进行了,,他们怀疑其船员与与人贩子合作,有效地与非法移民。

EN: The aid organisation, which has only been operational for a year, declined to comment on the substance of detailed allegations made against it by Italian prosecutor Ambrogio Cartosio.
ZH_REF: 该援助组织仅运营一年，并拒绝评论意大利检察官安布罗吉奥·卡尔托西奥的具体指控主题。
ZH_HYP: 援助组织只在一年内开始运作,拒绝就意大利检察官ambroiocartoso对它提出的详细指控的实质内容发表评论。

EN: "For us the rescue of human life is and will be our top priority, so we are very sorry we will not be able to operate in the search and rescue zone at the moment," the organisation said in a statement on social media.
ZH_REF: 该组织在一份社交媒体声明中称，“对我们而言，拯救生命现在是、以后也会是最重要的事，因此我们很遗憾目前不能在搜救区运营。”
ZH_HYP: “在关于社会媒体的声明中,我们说:“对于我们来说,拯救人类的生命是是我们的首要任务,因此我们将无法在搜索和救援区开展工作。

EN: "We can only assess all the accusations currently being made after we have gathered all the information and can assess the situation."
ZH_REF: “收集完所有信息后，我们目前只能评估所有指控和形势。”
ZH_HYP: “我们只能评估我们收集所有信息并评估情况之后,我们才会评估所有的指控。

EN: Italian authorities had been monitoring Jugend Rettet's boat, the Iuventa, since October.
ZH_REF: 意大利官方从 10 月份开始就在监视“青年救助”组织的船 Iuventa 号。
ZH_HYP: 自10月以来,意大利当局一直在监测瑞德的船。

EN: Its crew is suspected to taking on board dinghy loads of migrants delivered directly to them by people traffickers and allowing the smugglers to make off with the vessels to be used again.
ZH_REF: 其船员涉嫌搭载人口贩子直接由小船运送而来的移民，并允许走私者仓促逃离，重新利用船舰。
ZH_HYP: 该组人员被怀疑带上了他们的的人贩子,并允许走私者与船只一起使用。

EN: At least one such meeting allegedly took place only 1.3 miles off the Libyan coast, according to the prosecutor's file, the contents of which were published by Italian media.
ZH_REF: 根据检察官的文件记录，据称至少有一宗此类会面在距利比亚海岸 1.3 英里的海上发生。该文件内容由意大利媒体发表。
ZH_HYP: 据检察官的档案,至少有1.3英里的海岸海岸,其中的内容由意大利媒体公布。

EN: The crew are suspected of having flouted the authority of the Italian coastguard, which oversees rescue operations in the zone, out of humanitarian zeal rather than for any other motives.
ZH_REF: 其船员涉嫌公然无视意大利海岸警卫队权威，该警卫队出于人道主义热情而非任何其他动机监督该地区的救援行动。
ZH_HYP: 船员被怀疑藐视意大利海岸警卫队的权威,而不是出于人道主义的热情而不是任何其他动机。

EN: Under the code of conduct, boats like the Iuventa would notably have to have an Italian police officer on board monitoring their activities.
ZH_REF: 根据行为规范规定，Iuventa 等船只明显需要一名意大利警员在船上监督他们的活动。
ZH_HYP: 根据《行为守则》,像伊伊图文这样的船只必须在监督其活动。

EN: Only three of the nine NGOs involved in search and rescue operations have so far agreed to abide by the code: Save The Children, Malta-based MOAS and Spain's Pro-Activa Open Arms.
ZH_REF: 目前，在九个参与搜救行动的非政府组织中，只有三个已同意遵守行为规范，它们分别是：救助儿童会、总部位于马尔他的移民海上援助站和西班牙的 Pro-Activa Open Arms。
ZH_HYP: 迄今,参与搜索和救援行动的9个非政府组织中只有3个同意遵守《守则:拯救儿童、马耳他----以----------------

EN: The latter said on Thursday it regarded the new rules as unnecessary but acceptable as they would not involve any "significant change or impediment" to its rescue operations.
ZH_REF: 后者于星期四称，其认为新规定虽没有必要，但可以接受，因为这些规定并不会对其救援行动带来任何“重大改变和阻碍”。
ZH_HYP: 后者周四说,它认为新规则是不必要的,但可以接受,因为这些规则不会涉及任何“重大的变化或障碍”。

EN: Among those who have refused to sign is the Nobel Prize-winning organisation Doctors Without Borders (MSF).
ZH_REF: 拒绝签署的组织中有诺贝尔奖获奖组织无国界医生 (MSF)。
ZH_HYP: 在那些拒绝签署的人中,诺贝尔奖组织是无国界医生组织医生。

EN: Minniti meanwhile said a sharp fall over recent weeks in the number of migrants arriving in Italy following rescues was an indication that efforts to beef up the Libyan coastguard and cooperation with local mayors was bearing fruit.
ZH_REF: 与此同时，明尼蒂称近几周抵达意大利的移民人数骤降，这表明加强利比亚海岸护卫以及联合各当地市长的努力已初见成效。
ZH_HYP: 与此同时,米尼蒂蒂说,最近几周来意大利的移民人数人数急剧下降,这表明,利比亚海岸警卫队的努力和当地的市长合作,正在取得成果。

EN: "In recent days we have begun to see light at the end of the tunnel," the minister said.
ZH_REF: 该部长称：“近几天来，我们开始在隧道尽头看到了曙光。“
ZH_HYP: “最近几天,我们开始看到隧道的的光。”

EN: He revealed plans for further talks this month with Libyan mayors on economic development initiatives and with Chad, Niger and Mali on measures to reduce the number of migrants leaving those countries in the hope of reaching Europe.
ZH_REF: 他公布了本月的深度会谈的计划：与各利比亚市长商讨经济发展活动，与乍得、尼日尔和马里商讨如何减少欲离开这些国家前往欧洲的移民人数。
ZH_HYP: 他透露本月与利比亚市长就经济发展倡议以及与乍得、尼日尔和马里就减少这些国家的人数的措施进行进一步会谈的计划。

EN: Lian Ping, Chief Economist of the Bank of Communications, said that as value added of industry for each of the first three quarters of 2017 was stronger toward the end of the quarter, the growth rate of value added of industry in December could accelerate to 6.6%.
ZH_REF: 交通银行首席财经学家连平则表示，由于2017年前三季度工业增加值都出现季末上翘特点，预计12月工业增加值增长可能加快至6.6%。
ZH_HYP: ”通讯银行(bankofcommunications)首席经济学家李安平(lianping)表示,2017年第一季度季度末的行业增值值都会加快,2月份的工业增值值

EN: Cumulative growth rate of fixed asset investment in December is forecast to be at 7.2%, unchanged from the previous month, but lower than that a year ago.
ZH_REF: 预计12月固定资产投资累计增速为7.2%，与上月持平，低于去年。
ZH_HYP: 预计12月固定资产投资的累计增长率为7.2%,但低于前一年前的水平。

EN: Industrial production, while weaker than that in October, will remain generally unchanged from that in November.
ZH_REF: 工业生产虽然会弱于10月，但与11月基本持平。
ZH_HYP: 工业生产虽然比10月份的疲软,一般不会保持不变。

EN: Investment in China’s manufacturing sector was low in December, but infrastructure investment improved slightly. As such, fixed asset investment for the month will remain the same as that in November.
ZH_REF: 而12月我国制造业投资低位运行，但基建投资有小幅改善，因此预计当月固定资产投资将持平于11月。
ZH_HYP: 12月,中国制造业部门的投资较低,但基础设施投资略有改善,因此,固定资产投资将与11月的保持不变。

EN: Most of the more than 200,000 people from Changle, Fujian Province entered the US as illegal immigrants. Living in an alien country indefinitely, their families are separated and torn apart; similar scenes such these have continued to unfold.
ZH_REF: 福建长乐二十多万人进入美国，多为偷渡客；身在异国，归家无期，亲人离散，类似场景不断上演。
ZH_HYP: 福建省20万多人,非法移民,住在一个外国人的国家,他们的家人被分开,被撕裂,类似的场景也在继续。

EN: Beijing’s new measure to “shift and relocate institutions of higher learning”: 10,000 BUCT teachers and students move into new campus at Changping
ZH_REF: 北京“高校疏解”新举措：北化工上万师生将入驻昌平新校区
ZH_HYP: 北京新的“转移和转移”的新措施:1万平平地,学生在新的校园

EN: The opening ceremony of Beijing University of Chemical Technology’s (BUCT) new campus was held at the Changping District of Beijing on the 2nd, and school officially commenced at the 1,800 mu green campus.
ZH_REF: 北京化工大学新校区启用仪式2日在北京市昌平区举行，占地1800亩的绿色校园正式投入使用。
ZH_HYP: 北京大学工大学(北京大学)新校园的开幕式在北京长平区举行,正式于1800mu绿校园校园。

EN: BUCT’s new campus is located in Nankou Town, Changping, and sits on a land area of 1,800 mu, some 40 km from the city. It is a key project of Beijing’s shifting and relocation of non-capital functions.
ZH_REF: 北化工新校区位于昌平南口镇，占地1800亩，距离市区40公里，是北京市疏解非首都功能的重点工程之一。
ZH_HYP: 北京市的新校园位于南口市,长平,坐落在1800公里的土地上,是北京转移和转移非资本职能的一个重要项目。

EN: At this time, a review of this year’s film market will show that fans of the original book of a film adaptation and those of the actors taking part in film have become key components of the expected audience of the film.
ZH_REF: 此时回望今年的电影市场时，我们发现，电影的原著文本及参演明星的两批拥趸，成为电影预期观众的重要组成部分。
ZH_HYP: 此时,对今年的电影市场进行的审查表明,电影《电影》的的影迷和电影的演员已经成为电影的的观众的关键部分。

EN: At 17:10 today, the 119 command center at Shaoyang received an emergency call. Tetrahydrofuran stored at Hongzhi Chemical Plant at Longxutang, Shuangxi District, caught fire.
ZH_REF: 今天17时10分，邵阳市119指挥中心接到报警，位于该市双清区龙须塘的宏志化工厂储存的四氢呋喃发生火灾。
ZH_HYP: 今天,119个位于邵阳的的119个指挥中心接到紧急电话,在长江区长江的红树厂的了四氢化。

EN: Shaoyang fire station immediately dispatched five detachments and 20 fire trucks with heavy chemical protective clothing, chemical cleaning vehicles and other equipment to the scene.
ZH_REF: 邵阳市消防支队立即调派5个中队20台消防车携带重型防化服、防化洗消车等器材赶到现场。
ZH_HYP: 邵阳消防站立即派了五辆分队和20辆消防车,用化工、化工车辆等设备前往现场。

EN: Preliminary investigation revealed that the cause of the fire was the small tanks in which tetrahydrofuran was stored. There was thick smoke at the scene.
ZH_REF: 经初步侦查，起火的是储存四氢呋喃等化学物质的小储罐，现场产生浓烟较大。
ZH_HYP: 初步调查表明,火的原因是破氢的的,在现场有浓烟。

EN: At the time of filing this report, firefighters were in the processing of carrying out emergency rescue. The City’s health, safety administration, environmental protection, public security, traffic and other departments arrived at the scene successively. No fatalities or injured persons were found.
ZH_REF: 截至记者发稿时，消防官兵正在紧张救援，市卫生、安监、环保、治安、交通等部门已相继赶赴现场，未发现人员伤亡情况。
ZH_HYP: 在提交报告时,消防队员在处理紧急救援工作时,,市内的卫生、安全管理、环境保护、交通等其他部门都连续不断。

EN: Michelle Carter sentenced for texts urging suicide of Conrad Roy
ZH_REF: 米歇尔?卡特 (Michelle Carter) 因发短信怂恿康拉德?罗伊 (Conrad Roy) 自杀被判刑
ZH_HYP: 米歇尔·卡特因拉德·罗伊自杀案

EN: A Massachusetts woman has been sentenced to two and a half years for encouraging her boyfriend to commit suicide through texts and phone calls.
ZH_REF: 一名马萨诸塞州女子因通过短信和电话怂恿男友自杀而被判刑两年半。
ZH_HYP: 一个马萨诸塞州的妇女因鼓励她的男友自杀而被判处两年半。

EN: Michelle Carter, now 20, will serve 15 months of her term behind bars and five years of probation.
ZH_REF: 现年 20 岁的米歇尔?卡特将服刑 15 个月，期满后可转为缓刑。另加缓刑 5 年。
ZH_HYP: 现20岁的米歇尔·卡特,她的任期将为15个月。

EN: Carter was convicted in June of the involuntary manslaughter of Conrad Roy, who took his own life on 13 July 2014.
ZH_REF: 卡特在 6 月被判处对康拉德?罗伊 (Conrad Roy) 犯有无故意非预谋杀人罪，后者于 2014 年 7 月 13 日自杀。
ZH_HYP: 卡特在6月13日被康拉德·罗伊的非自愿过失杀人过失杀人。

EN: Mr Roy's father told Thursday's hearing: "My family is heartbroken.
ZH_REF: 罗伊的父亲在周四的听证会说道：“我的家人伤心欲绝。
ZH_HYP: 罗伊的父亲星期四的听证会:“我的家庭是心碎。

EN: My son was my best friend."
ZH_REF: 我的儿子是我最好的朋友。”
ZH_HYP: 我儿子是我最好的朋友。

EN: Carter was allowed to remain free pending an appeal.
ZH_REF: 在等待上诉期间，卡特获准保持人身自由。
ZH_HYP: 卡特获准在上诉。

EN: She had faced a maximum sentence of 20 years, but her legal team argued that both she and Mr Roy suffered from mental illness.
ZH_REF: 她面临最多 20 年有期徒刑，但她的律师团认为她和罗伊先生都患有精神病。
ZH_HYP: 她面临着20年的最高刑期,但她的法律小组认为她和罗伊都患有精神疾病。

EN: Dressed in red trousers and a cream blouse, Carter stood tearfully with hands clasped and eyes cast down as she was sentenced.
ZH_REF: 在宣判时，卡特站立着，身穿红色长裤和米色罩衫，双手紧扣，双眼含泪，目光朝下。
ZH_HYP: 卡特穿着红裤子和奶油,,手握着双手握住,眼睛被被判刑时,眼睛被了下来。

EN: "Her actions killed Conrad Roy," the prosecutor told the court.
ZH_REF: “她的行为杀死了康拉德?罗伊 ”，检察官告诉法庭。
ZH_HYP: 她的行为杀死了康拉德·罗伊。

EN: "She ended his life to better her own.
ZH_REF: “她为了自己活得更好而结束了他的生命。
ZH_HYP: ”她自己的生活。

EN: She has not accepted responsibility," she said.
ZH_REF: 她没有承担责任 ”，检察官说。
ZH_HYP: 她没有接受责任。

EN: "She has shown no remorse."
ZH_REF: “她没有任何悔恨之意。”
ZH_HYP: ”她没有表现出悔恨。

EN: But Carter's lawyer said it was a "horrible circumstance that she completely regrets."
ZH_REF: 但卡特的律师说这是“一个可怕的后果，她感到非常后悔。”
ZH_HYP: 但卡特的律师说,这是一个“令人可怕的事情。

EN: However, Judge Lawrence Moniz said he did not find that her "age or level of maturity or even her mental illness have any significant impact on her actions."
ZH_REF: 然而，劳伦斯?莫尼斯 (Lawrence Moniz) 法官说，他并没有发现她的“年龄或成熟程度，乃至她的精神疾病会对她的行为产生任何重大影响。”
ZH_HYP: 然而,劳伦斯·蒙斯法官说,他没有发现她的“成熟程度或成熟程度甚至是她的精神疾病对她的行为产生重大影响。”

EN: A prosecutor read a statement from Mr Roy's mother, Lynn Roy, saying there was "not one day I do not mourn the loss of my beloved son.
ZH_REF: 一位检察官阅读了罗伊母亲林恩?罗伊 (Lynn Roy) 的一份声明她说，“我没有一天不为失去我心爱的儿子而痛心。
ZH_HYP: 一位检察官宣读了罗伊先生的一份声明,说“没有一天我不哀悼我的爱人儿子。

EN: I want him to be proud of me and how I am handling everything - I am trying to be there for his sisters in all of my pain we will carry with us for eternity," it said.
ZH_REF: 我希望他为我和我所做的一切感到自豪 。我正努力在我所有的痛苦中和他的妹妹们站在一起，这些痛苦将伴随我们至永远 ”，声明表示。
ZH_HYP: 我希望他为我骄傲,我如何处理一切,我在他的姐妹们在一起,我的痛苦中,我的痛苦。

EN: Mr Roy's sister, Camdyn Roy, testified that she was "haunted" by the realisation that she would never attend her brother's wedding or be an aunt to his children.
ZH_REF: 罗伊先生的妹妹凯迪?罗伊 (Camdyn Roy) 作证表示，她因为意识到自己永远不能参加她哥哥的婚礼或成为他孩子的姑姑而“精神恍惚”。
ZH_HYP: 罗伊的妹妹卡姆姆·罗伊作证说,她“被缠住了,因为她永远不会去参加她的婚礼,也是一个姨妈。

EN: "Not having that one person I've been with every day since birth is a pain I'll always keep with me for the rest of my life," she said.
ZH_REF: “失去一个从我出世以来就陪伴着我的人是一种痛苦，而我的余生将会与这种痛苦为伍。”她说道。
ZH_HYP: “我出生后,我都有一个人我一直在我的生活中一直在我的。”

EN: The case appears to set a legal precedent, as there is no Massachusetts law that criminalises telling a person to commit suicide.
ZH_REF: 这个案例似乎开创了法律先例，因为马萨诸塞州的法律并没有规定怂恿其他人自杀有罪。
ZH_HYP: 这个案件似乎确立了一个法律先例,因为没有任何马萨诸塞州的法律。

EN: Carter was 17 when Mr Roy was found dead of carbon monoxide poisoning in a vehicle in 2014.
ZH_REF: 2014 年，罗伊被发现死于车内一氧化碳中毒；这一年，卡特 17 岁。
ZH_HYP: 卡特是17岁,当罗伊在一辆汽车中发现了一氧化碳中毒。

EN: The case drew national attention after Carter's text messages revealed she had encouraged him to end his life.
ZH_REF: 卡特的短信揭示她怂恿他自杀后，该案件引发了全国关注。
ZH_HYP: 卡特的短信显示,她鼓励他结束他的生活。

EN: "Hang yourself, jump off a building, stab yourself I don't know there's a lot of ways," she said in several messages sent in the two weeks before his death while he was on holiday with his family.
ZH_REF: “上吊、跳楼、刺伤自己，有很多方法。”她在他死亡前两周发送的数条短信中表示；当时他正和家人一起度假。
ZH_HYP: 她在他的家人一起去,,我自己不知道有很多方法,”她在他去世前两周的几个星期里,他的家人一起度假。

EN: In the moments before his suicide, she wrote: "You need to do it, Conrad" and "All you have to do is turn the generator on and you will be free and happy."
ZH_REF: 在他自杀前的那段时间，她写道：“你需要这样做，康拉德”，“你所要做的就是启动发电机，然后就会获得自由和快乐。”
ZH_HYP: 在他自杀之前的时刻,她写道:“你需要做,康拉德","你必须做的就是打开发电机,你就会自由快乐。

EN: Judge Moniz said Carter sought attention through Mr Roy's death, ordering that she not be allowed to profit from the case through any press.
ZH_REF: 莫尼兹法官说，卡特通过罗伊先生的死来博取关注，并命令她不得通过任何媒体从案件中获利。
ZH_HYP: 蒙法官说,卡特通过罗伊的死神,命令她不允许她从案件中获利。

EN: The case has divided legal opinion.
ZH_REF: 本案例存在法律意见分歧。
ZH_HYP: 案件已分了法律意见。

EN: Among the few to defend Carter was Amanda Knox, who was convicted of murdering her British roommate in Italy in 2007 before she was cleared two years ago.
ZH_REF: 替卡特辩护的人为数不多，阿曼达?诺克斯 (Amanda Knox) 就是其中之一，她于 2007 年被指控在意大利谋杀她的英国室友，两年后被宣布无罪。
ZH_HYP: 在卡特的少数中,在2007年被清空的前,在意大利被被清空的,她被判定在意大利的室友。

EN: Ms Knox, 30, published an op-ed in the Los Angeles Times saying: "Michelle Carter deserves sympathy and help, not prison."
ZH_REF: 30 岁的诺克斯女士在《洛杉矶时报》发表的一篇专栏文章中表示：“米歇尔?卡特值得同情和帮助，而不是监禁。”
ZH_HYP: 《《洛杉矶时报》发表了《洛杉矶时报》的《,》发表了一篇文章,他说:“米歇尔·卡特应该得到同情和帮助,而不是监狱。”

EN: Zhang Yimou is destined to controversial film artist. From when he began filming his first movie, “Red Sorghum”, he has always been a trendsetter in Chinese films, but he has also received a lot of criticism.
ZH_REF: 张艺谋注定是一个让人争议的电影艺术家，从他开始拍摄第一部电影《红高粱》起，他在一直引领中国电影风潮的同时，也收获了很多非议。
ZH_HYP: 张艺谋注定要有争议的电影,从他开始拍摄第一部电影《红粱》时,他一直是中国电影的潮流,但他也受到了批评。

EN: On the 2nd, reporters learned from Lhasa Pure Land Basketball Club that the Lhasa Pure Land Basketball Youth Team came in fourth at the National Youth Basketball League Finals held in Beijing.
ZH_REF: 记者2日从拉萨净土篮球俱乐部获悉，近期，拉萨净土篮球青少年队在北京举行的全国青少年篮球联赛总决赛中获得第四名。
ZH_HYP: 在从拉萨纯篮球俱乐部的记者得知,拉萨纯篮球队在北京举行的全国青年篮球赛赛上。

EN: Lhasa Pure Land Basketball Youth Team is comprised of 11 local basketball players, and its head coach is Tsering Samdup, the assistant coach of the Lhasa Pure Land Basketball Men’s Team.
ZH_REF: 拉萨净土篮球青少年队由11名本土球员组成，主教练为拉萨净土男篮成年队助理教练次仁桑珠。
ZH_HYP: 拉萨纯篮球队由11名当地篮球运动员组成,其教练是拉萨·纯篮球队的助理教练。

EN: Tibet’s “Basketball Kids” on their way to Beijing for the Finals.
ZH_REF: 在前往北京参加总决赛前的西藏“篮球小子”。
ZH_HYP: 西藏的“篮球孩子””。

EN: After the competition ended, captain Jiang Cuo said that he hoped to gain experience from taking part in the competition, and do his best for Tibetan basketball.
ZH_REF: 比赛结束后，队长江措表示，他希望通过参加比赛积累经验，为西藏的篮球事业尽力。
ZH_HYP: 比赛结束后,江江队长说,他希望获得参加比赛的经验,并为为藏篮球而做的。

EN: It is understood that during the competition, the players had to overcome factors such as low altitude sickness, displaying the image of Tibet.
ZH_REF: 据了解，在北京的比赛中，球员们克服了低海拔醉氧等因素，展现了西藏形象。
ZH_HYP: 据了解,在比赛中,运动员必须克服一些因素,如低空病,显示西藏的形象。

EN: The fact that track and field involves the most gold medals in the Olympics makes those athletes confident a lot, the famous players have been disadvantaged in the competition.
ZH_REF: 尽管田径在奥运会是金牌大户，得田径者得天下，但田径名将比拼吸金却处在下风。
ZH_HYP: 田径涉及奥运中最金牌的运动员,运动员在比赛中中处于不利地位。

EN: Audi to Modify Up to 850,000 Diesel Vehicles as Carmakers Face Backlash
ZH_REF: 汽车制造商面临冲击，奥迪将改装多达 850,000 辆柴油车
ZH_HYP: 奥迪迪将汽车改装85万辆柴油

EN: A day before Audi's announcement, BMW said it would offer to upgrade the software in more than 350,000 vehicles.
ZH_REF: 奥迪宣布改装的前一天，宝马表示将为 350,000 多辆汽车提供软件升级。
ZH_HYP: 在奥迪宣布前一天,宝马表示将提供35万多辆汽车的升级。

EN: The BMW chairman said the company believed "there are more intelligent options than driving restrictions," referring to the European cities - including Munich, where BMW is based - that have considered banning or restricting diesel vehicles.
ZH_REF: 宝马董事长表示，宝马相信“驾驶有更多智能选择而非限制”，意指欧洲各大城市 - 包括宝马公司总部所在地慕尼黑在内 - 考虑禁止或限制柴油车辆。
ZH_HYP: 宝马主席说,该公司认为“比驾驶限制更多的智能选择,”,包括munich,即bmw的欧洲城市,认为该公司认为禁止或限制柴油车辆。

EN: Daimler announced on Tuesday that it would modify three million Mercedes vehicles in Europe to reduce their diesel emissions.
ZH_REF: 戴姆勒周二宣布将改装欧洲 300 万辆梅赛德斯汽车以减少其柴油排放量。
ZH_HYP: 戴姆勒周二宣布将三百万的梅塞德斯汽车,以减少柴油的柴油排放。

EN: None of the companies described the moves as recalls.
ZH_REF: 无一家公司宣称此举为召回。
ZH_HYP: 这些公司都没有这样的举措。

EN: European carmakers have heavily promoted the use of diesel vehicles in Europe and the United States to help meet rules on carbon dioxide emissions.
ZH_REF: 欧洲汽车制造商在欧洲和美国大力推广使用柴油车辆，以帮助达到二氧化碳排放规定。
ZH_HYP: 欧洲汽车制造商大力推动欧洲和美国使用柴油车辆,以满足有关二氧化碳排放的规则。

EN: But the nitrogen oxides that diesel engines emit are considered carcinogens, and can cause asthma.
ZH_REF: 但柴油机排放的氮氧化物被认为是致癌物质，并可能导致哮喘。
ZH_HYP: 但柴油机排放的氮氧化物被认为是致癌物。

EN: The cost to automotive companies of installing equipment to neutralize the fumes emitted by diesel vehicles is also increasing, making it difficult to keep the price of the cars competitive.
ZH_REF: 汽车公司安装设备以抵消柴油车尾气排放的成本也在增加，因此难以保持柴油车在价格上的竞争力。
ZH_HYP: 汽车安装设备以消除柴油车辆排放的烟雾也在不断增加,使得汽车价格难以保持竞争力。

EN: As German automakers face scrutiny, the government of Chancellor Angela Merkel has also been accused of coddling the powerful car companies and of ignoring signs of the problem.
ZH_REF: 随着德国汽车制造商面临审查，总理安格拉·默克尔领导的政府也被指责过于放任这些强大的汽车公司，并且忽视了这一问题的种种迹象。
ZH_HYP: 正如德国汽车制造商面临的审查,,默克尔政府也被指责为汽车强大的汽车公司,并无视这一问题的迹象。

EN: The companies are trying to avoid repeating the mistakes of Volkswagen, which covered up its use of so-called defeat devices that could adjust emissions to comply with regulations when a car was being tested, but ease back in normal driving conditions.
ZH_REF: 这些汽车公司正试图避免重蹈大众的覆辙，即掩盖其使用所谓的失败装置，在汽车测试时调整排放量以符合法规，在正常驾驶条件下则恢复正常。
ZH_HYP: 这些公司试图避免重复大众的错误,因为这类公司利用所谓的失败手段,可以调整排放的方式来调整排放,但能在正常的驾驶条件下。

EN: Several Volkswagen executives have been charged in the United States, and others are under investigation on both sides of the Atlantic.
ZH_REF: 多名大众高管在美国被指控，其他高管则正在接受大西洋两岸国家的调查。
ZH_HYP: 美国已在美国受到了一些人的指控,而其他一些则在调查大西洋两岸。

EN: Last month, the former head of thermodynamics at Audi's engine development department was arrested in Germany.
ZH_REF: 上个月，奥迪发动机研发部前热力学负责人在德国被捕。
ZH_HYP: 上个月,奥迪发动机开发部的热力学系在德国被捕。

EN: The former manager, Zaccheo Giovanni Pamio, is Italian, and therefore is not protected from extradition and could face trial in the United States.
ZH_REF: 前经理扎切罗·吉奥凡尼·帕米欧为意大利人，因此不受引渡保护，可能在美国面临审判。
ZH_HYP: 前经理是zacchchogiovannipamio),因此,不受引渡,可能在美国受到审判。

EN: Early this year, Audi was swept up into a German criminal investigation involving Volkswagen after the authorities accused Audi of installing a system to evade emissions rules in Europe, broadening an inquiry that had focused on the United States.
ZH_REF: 今年早些时候，奥迪被卷入一桩涉及大众的德国刑事调查，德国政府指控奥迪安装系统以逃避欧洲的排放要求，扩大了之前仅限于美国的调查范围。
ZH_HYP: 今年初,奥迪被卷入了德国德国的一项德国刑事调查,在当局指控奥迪在欧洲安装了排放规定的制度,扩大了美国的调查。

EN: The inclusion of Audi in the investigation could weigh heavily on Volkswagen: The luxury carmaker accounts for a disproportionate share of Volkswagen's profit.
ZH_REF: 奥迪被调查可能会对大众产生重大影响：豪华汽车制造商占有大众汽车不成比例的利润份额。
ZH_HYP: 在调查中,奥迪公司的调查可能会重重大众的大众的利润。

EN: Taking a couple of years, or even a few years, to make a film from planning to release is nothing unusual.
ZH_REF: 一部电影从筹备到上映，历时一两年乃至几年，可谓司空见惯。
ZH_HYP: 几年几年甚至几年,电影都是不寻常的。

EN: “Big Fish & Begonia”, an animated feature film 12 years in the making, recently announced that it would be released on July 8th.
ZH_REF: 动画电影《大鱼海棠》日前宣布将于7月8日上映，这部影片从筹备到上映历时12年！
ZH_HYP: 《大鱼和贝乞》》是《动画片》,最近宣布将于7月8日公布。

EN: The film was already a recipient of multiple local and overseas awards at the creative sample stage. It has been included in the Centre Pompidou’s collection and acclaimed as “an outstanding artwork”.
ZH_REF: 影片在创意样片阶段已获得国内外众多大奖，更被法国蓬皮杜当代艺术中心收录并赞誉为“最杰出的艺术品之一”。
ZH_HYP: 这部电影已经是创意创意的创意的奖项,在创意的创意样本阶段,已被列入在蓬皮杜的收藏中,并称为“杰出的艺术品”。

EN: As it took six years from creation to production, the film was known as a “super deceiver” by millions of fans who were looking forward to its release.
ZH_REF: 由于从创意到制作历时六年之久，该片被百万翘首期盼上映的粉丝称为“神坑”。
ZH_HYP: 由于制作了6年的制作,这部电影被称为“超级欺骗”,他期待着期待着释放。

EN: “Big Fish & Begonia” is a Chinese fantasy. The announcement of the trailers for the scheduled release has once again led to new expectations among all viewers.
ZH_REF: 《大鱼海棠》讲述了一个属于中国人的奇幻故事。随着此次定档预告片的公布，又为所有观众带来全新的期待。
ZH_HYP: “大鱼和乞丐”是中国的幻想,,在所有观众中再次宣布了新的期望。

EN: Liang Xuan said, “I’ve only done this one thing in the last 12 years. Now it has turned from a dream into reality. I’m both nervous and excited”.
ZH_REF: 梁旋说：“这12年只做了这一件事，现在它从一个梦变成了现实，我是既紧张又兴奋”。
ZH_HYP: 梁宣说:“我过去12年我只做了一件事,现在已经从梦变成了现实。

EN: Zhang Chun said, “I kept thinking of using one-fiftieth of other people’s budget to come up with an image effect that was completely identical to these other people’s. I drove our entire team up the wall.”
ZH_REF: 张春称：“老想着用别人五十分之一的预算，做出和别人完全一样的画面效果，团队都要被我逼疯了。”
ZH_HYP: 张春说:“我一直在考虑使用其他的预算来来产生与其他人完全一样的形象。

EN: Dongguan, the “Factory of the World” which once made its fortune on industrial processing and large numbers of general workers, is looking to high-level talent to help the city reposition itself.
ZH_REF: 东莞这个曾经依靠来料加工和大批普工起家的“世界工厂”，正将目光投向那些能够引领这座城市重新定位的高水平人才。
ZH_HYP: 东莞曾在工业加工和大量普通工人上的“世界工厂”,正寻求高层人才,帮助城市重新定位。

EN: The Dongguan government recently held a high-level talent week event. Reporters from China Business Network noticed a number of reputable local enterprises participating in the talent fair.
ZH_REF: 近日东莞市政府举办的高层次人才活动周上，第一财经记者看到，当地一些颇具实力的企业纷纷参加人才洽谈会。
ZH_HYP: 东莞政府最近举办了一次高级人才周活动,来自中国商务网络的记者们注意到,有一些有信誉的当地企业参加了人才展会。

EN: On the bright advertising board against a tangerine colored wall, they listed their respective exorbitant price tags.
ZH_REF: 在橘红色背景墙映衬下格外鲜亮的广告牌上，它们各自标出了不菲的价码。
ZH_HYP: 在明亮的广告板上,他们列出了各自的的价格标签。

EN: Therefore, China Television Drama Production Industry Association will work together with the television drama production industry nationwide to sign a self-discipline convention.
ZH_REF: 因此，中国电视剧制作产业协会决定，将联合全国电视剧制作行业，签署自律公约。
ZH_HYP: 因此,中国电视剧制作业协会将与全国电视剧制作行业协会合作,签署一项自律的公约.

EN: Provence lavender under threat from climate change
ZH_REF: 普罗旺斯薰衣草受到气候变化的威胁
ZH_HYP: 气候变化威胁的普罗旺斯

EN: It has become a symbol of Provence in southern France, but there is a warning that it's under threat from climate change.
ZH_REF: 薰衣草已经成为法国南部普罗旺斯市的象征，但现在有个坏消息，它正受到气候变化带来的威胁。
ZH_HYP: 它已成为法国南部普罗旺斯的象征,但它警告说,它是气候变化威胁。

EN: Lavender is in decline because of drought-like conditions and disease-carrying insects, causing a major headache for scientists and farmers attempting to find solutions.
ZH_REF: 由于持续干旱和出现携带病毒的昆虫，薰衣草正在衰败，这让正在试图寻找解决方案的科学家和农民头痛不已。
ZH_HYP: 由于干旱的条件和携带的昆虫,薰衣草人正在衰落,这使得科学家和农民们找到解决办法的科学家和农民们都会减少。

EN: Eric Chaisse, an expert at the Provence-based agricultural research institute CRIEPPAM, said: "Lavender in Provence is effectively endangered, because in recent years the plant has been subjected to the effects of climate change that brought a lot less rain in the spring and mostly in the autumn.
ZH_REF: 位于普罗旺斯的农业研究所 (CRIEPPAM) 的专家艾瑞克?蔡斯 (Eric Chaisse) 说：“普罗旺斯的薰衣草正面临着巨大的威胁，因为近年来该植物受到了气候变化的影响，春季降雨大幅减少，而秋季则阴雨绵绵。
ZH_HYP: 普罗旺斯(ericchaisse)表示:“普罗旺斯的laver)的laver)表示:“普罗旺斯的衣草的受到了气候变化的影响,

EN: This affects the lifespan of lavender.
ZH_REF: 这会影响到薰衣草的生命周期。
ZH_HYP: 这影响到薰衣草的寿命。

EN: There's also a small cicada, a micro-bacteria transmitting leaf hopper, and in very dry weather there are lots of them."
ZH_REF: 还有一种个体较小的蝉，一种可以传播微小细菌的叶蝉，在非常干燥的天气中，它们会大量出现。“
ZH_HYP: 还有一个小蝉蝉,一个微细菌传球,在非常干燥的天气里,有很多。

EN: And a lot is at stake.
ZH_REF: 关键在于其数量巨大。
ZH_HYP: 而且还有很多。

EN: As well as attracting holidaymakers, lavender oil is highly sought after for perfume and cosmetics.
ZH_REF: 清雅的薰衣草场除了可以吸引度假者外，薰衣草油还受到香水和化妆品行业的追捧。
ZH_HYP: 除了吸引度假者,薰衣草油是在追求香水和化妆品.

EN: Eric Chaisse said: "Instead of having very long plant ears with a number of large flowers, we have smaller ones, underdeveloped and either missing or weakened.
ZH_REF: 艾瑞克?蔡斯说：“与可以开许多大花，具有很长谷穗的植株相反，我们的则存在个体较小，发育不良、缺失或孱弱不足的问题。
ZH_HYP: 埃里克·乔塞说:“我们没有长长的花朵,而是没有没有,或者没有变弱。

EN: So we have fewer parts with essential oil."
ZH_REF: 所以我们的精油含量更少。”
ZH_HYP: 所以我们的石油数量少。

EN: Solutions being looked at include better water distribution and slowing down evaporation from the soil, but also spraying the plants with a protective mix of clay and water and developing varieties more resistant to dry conditions.
ZH_REF: 正在研究的解决方案包括采取更好的灌溉技术和减缓土壤水分的蒸发，向植株上喷洒粘土和水的保护性混合物，以及开发更为耐旱的品种。
ZH_HYP: 目前的解决办法包括改善水分布和土壤中的蒸发,同时也喷洒植物,保护植物,发展品种,更耐干燥条件。

EN: Compared to the sci-fi elements in the movie, the two lead actors said that it was the movie’s plot that attracted them.
ZH_REF: 相比起电影中的科幻元素，两位主演纷纷表示更吸引他们的是影片中的故事。
ZH_HYP: 与电影中的幻元素相比,这两个电影的情节是吸引了他们。

EN: On the afternoon of September 5, West China City Daily reporters consecutively interviewed numerous renowned personalities in the cross talk circle, as well as two cross talk artistes. What was surprising was that they were unanimously silent most of the time.
ZH_REF: 9月5日下午，华西都市报记者，连续采访多位相声界的知名人士，还有两位相声表演艺术家，令人吃惊的是，他们几乎保持一致沉默。
ZH_HYP: 9月5日下午,中国西部记者连续采访了许多著名的谈话圈的著名人士,还有两个十字口秀艺术家。

EN: One is a Silver Bear Best Actor, the other, an up-and-coming young actor; “Guilty of Mind” is the first partnership between Liao Fan and Li Yifeng.
ZH_REF: 一位是柏林影帝，一位是上升期青年演员，《心理罪》也是廖凡和李易峰的首次搭档。
ZH_HYP: 其中一个是一个银色的演员,另一个是一个即将来临的年轻演员;“““”是李辽范与李连之间的第一个伙伴关系。

EN: A journalist's murder underscores growing threat in Mexico
ZH_REF: 墨西哥危险重重，新闻记者被杀
ZH_HYP: 记者的谋杀突出了墨西哥的威胁

EN: The staff of the weekly newspaper Riodoce normally meets on Wednesdays to review their plans for coverage of the most recent mayhem wrought in Sinaloa state by organized crime, corrupt officials and ceaseless drug wars.
ZH_REF: 《Riodoce》周报的全体员工通常都会在周三集会，回顾他们对锡那罗州骚乱的报道计划，这些骚乱由犯罪组织、腐败官员和无尽的毒品战争引起。
ZH_HYP: 《周报》的工作人员通常在星期三开会,审查他们的计划,以组织犯罪、腐败官员和不断减少的毒品战争。

EN: But on this day, in the shadow of their own tragedy, they've come together to talk about security.
ZH_REF: 但是今天，悲剧的阴影笼罩着他们自己，他们汇聚一堂讨论安全问题。
ZH_HYP: 但在这一天,他们在一起谈论安全问题。

EN: It's important to change their routines, they are told.
ZH_REF: 他们被告知要改变他们的日常习惯，这很重要。
ZH_HYP: 他们要改变他们的惯例。

EN: Two senior journalists discuss what feels safer: to take their children with them to the office, which was the target of a grenade attack in 2009, or to leave them at home.
ZH_REF: 两名资深记者讨论了哪种更让人感到安全：究竟该把他们的孩子带到办公室（办公室曾在 2009 年遭到手榴弹袭击），还是该把他们留在家里。
ZH_HYP: 两名资深记者讨论了什么感觉更安全的:带他们的孩子带他们去办公室,这是2009年手榴弹袭击的目标。

EN: Security experts have written three words on a blackboard at the front of the room: adversaries, neutrals, allies.
ZH_REF: 安全专家在房间前面的黑板上写下了三个单词：敌人、中立者和盟友。
ZH_HYP: 安全专家在黑板上写了三个字:对手、中子、盟国。

EN: They ask the reporters to suggest names for each column - no proof is needed, perceptions and gut feelings are enough.
ZH_REF: 他们让这些记者在每一栏下列出名字——不需要证据，观察和直觉就够了。
ZH_HYP: 他们要求记者们为每一栏提出——不需要证据,看法和肠道的感觉。

EN: There are drug-traffickers, politicians, businesspeople, journalists suspected of being on the payroll of the government or the cartels, a catalog of villains who make the job of covering Mexico's chaos perilous.
ZH_REF: 有怀疑在政府名单上的毒贩、政客、商人和记者，或者卡特尔，这帮恶棍让墨西哥的报道工作危险重重。
ZH_HYP: 贩毒者、政治家、商人、涉嫌被怀疑是政府或卡特尔的的记者,他们是一个反混蛋,他们将把墨西哥的混乱危险的

EN: Among the latest is their editor and inspiration, Riodoce co-founder Javier Valdez Cardenas.
ZH_REF: 上一个死去的是他们的编辑和灵感来源，同时也是《Riodoce》的联合创始人哈维尔·瓦尔迪兹·卡德纳斯。
ZH_HYP: 其中,他们的编辑和灵感,rodoce共同创始人javiervaldezcardenas。

EN: "The greatest error is to live in Mexico and to be a journalist," Valdez wrote in one of his many books on narco-violence.
ZH_REF: 瓦尔迪兹写过很多关于毒品暴力的书籍，他在其中一本中这样写道：“最大的错误就是住在墨西哥并成为一个记者。”
ZH_HYP: “在墨西哥,最大的错误是生活在墨西哥,成为一名记者。

EN: The workshop takes place less than two months after his death; the reporters discuss their shared trauma, their nightmares, insomnia, paranoia.
ZH_REF: 研讨会在他去世后不到两个月的时间召开；记者们纷纷讨论他们共同的创伤、噩梦、失眠和多疑症。
ZH_HYP: 讲习班在他去世后不到两个月;记者们讨论了他们的创伤、恶梦、失眠、偏执狂。

EN: Although a special federal prosecutor's office was established in 2010 to handle the journalists' cases, it has only prosecuted two, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists.
ZH_REF: 虽然 2010 年成立了一个特殊的联邦检察官办公室来处理记者案件，但是根据保护记者委员会的记录，该办公室只起诉了两人。
ZH_HYP: 2010年,设立了一个特别联邦检察官办公室,负责处理记者的案件,但它只起诉了两名。

EN: As with most of the thousands of murders tied to drug trafficking and organized crime each year, the killers of journalists are rarely brought to justice.
ZH_REF: 每年数千宗犯罪案件中大部分都涉及贩毒与组织犯罪，所以很少能将杀害记者的凶手绳之以法。
ZH_HYP: 与每年有组织犯罪和有组织犯罪的谋杀案,记者的杀手很少被绳之以法。

EN: At Riodoce, they persist in covering the violence of Sinaloa, though they are heartbroken, though the terrain is more treacherous now.
ZH_REF: 在《Riodoce》，他们坚持报道锡那罗州的暴力事件，虽然他们已经心碎，虽然这片土地已千疮百孔。
ZH_HYP: 在rodoce,他们坚持不懈地报道了索罗罗亚的暴力,尽管现在的地形更加险恶。

EN: Without information on the killers, without justice, the meeting to discuss security, says Ibarra, is of little use.
ZH_REF: 伊瓦拉说，没有凶手信息，没有伸张正义，那么召开安全讨论会也没多大用。
ZH_HYP: ibarra说,没有关于杀手的信息,讨论安全问题的会议。

EN: "It's very foolish to waste my time in this workshop," he says.
ZH_REF: 他说“浪费时间参加这样的研讨会真是愚蠢。
ZH_HYP: “在这车间里浪费时间真是太愚蠢了。

EN: "As long as we don't know why, you distrust everyone."
ZH_REF: 只要我们不知道为什么，你就不相信任何人。”
ZH_HYP: "只要我们不知道,你就不信任每个人。”

EN: On the morning of May 15, Valdez left the Riodoce office in the state capital of Culiacan.
ZH_REF: 5 月 15 日早晨，瓦尔迪兹离开首府库利亚坎的《Riodoce》办公室。
ZH_HYP: 5月15日上午,瓦尔德斯离开了在国家首都的的。

EN: He managed to drive just a couple blocks before his red Toyota Corolla was stopped by two men; he was forced out of his car and shot 12 times, presumably for the name of the paper - which translates as Twelfth River.
ZH_REF: 他的红色丰田卡罗拉只开出了几个街区就被两个男人拦住；他们逼迫他下车，开了 12 枪，猜测是因为报纸的名字——翻译为《十二道河》。
ZH_HYP: 他在他的车上被两个人拦路,然后才驾车,他的车上被两个人停下,大概是他的名字,这是是纸的的名字。

EN: The gunman drove away in his car and crashed it nearby.
ZH_REF: 歹徒开着他的车离开，并在附近将其撞毁。
ZH_HYP: 枪手把车撞了,附近.

EN: Valdez was 50 years old.
ZH_REF: 瓦尔迪兹 50 岁了。
ZH_HYP: 瓦尔德兹50岁。

EN: He left a wife and two adult children.
ZH_REF: 留下他的妻子和两个已经成年的孩子。
ZH_HYP: 他离开了一个和两个成人。

EN: Rumors tend to fly freely in Culiacan.
ZH_REF: 库利亚坎流言四起。
ZH_HYP: 传言往往在在.

EN: But on the subject of Valdez, there's practically nothing but silence.
ZH_REF: 但是关于瓦尔迪兹的话题，实际上除了沉默什么也没有。
ZH_HYP: 但在瓦尔德兹的话题上,几乎没有什么。

EN: Since Guzman's arrest last year and extradition to the United States in January, Sinaloa has been one of the country's bloodiest battlegrounds as rival factions fight to fill the vacuum.
ZH_REF: 自从去年古兹曼被捕并于 1 月份引渡美国，锡那罗州已经成为这个国家最血腥的战场，各敌对势力疯狂厮杀。
ZH_HYP: 自去年1月,美国的逮捕和美国引渡到美国,,罗亚是是一个最血腥的战场,因为对手派系在填补空缺。

EN: Never mind that someone or several people are shot dead in the street every day in Sinaloa, or that the cemetery is filled with ornate, two-story mausoleums for drug kings, larger than many homes for the living.
ZH_REF: 锡那罗州的街道上每天都有一个或几个人被枪杀，墓地里布满了毒枭华丽的两层陵墓，这些已经司空见惯。
ZH_HYP: 不要介意在每天在锡罗罗亚的街上开枪打死有人或一些人被毒物,两层的陵墓,这是为了生活的许多房屋。

EN: Forget for a minute that a state of "calm" is when just one cartel is in control of the coastal state with its valuable ports and drug-trafficking routes to the United States.
ZH_REF: 暂时忘记“平静”的状态是只有一个卡特尔控制这个海滨州及其通往美国的港口和贩毒路线的时候。
ZH_HYP: 忘记了一个“平静”的状态,只有一个卡特尔控制着沿海国,其有价值的港口和贩毒路线。

EN: Despite that, and the fact that Valdez was intimately aware of the perils of his work, Ismail Bojorquez, 60, a co-founder and director of Riodoce, is wracked with guilt for failing to protect his friend.
ZH_REF: 即使如此，即使瓦尔迪兹深刻知道这份工作的危险性，但 60 岁的《Riodoce》联合创始人兼董事伊斯梅尔·波荷奎还是因为没有保护好他的朋友而愧疚不已。
ZH_HYP: 尽管如此,valdez的共同创始人兼董事ismailbojorquez,60岁,他因未能保护朋友而而被。

EN: He believes two errors contributed to the killing.
ZH_REF: 他相信两个错误造成了这次悲剧。
ZH_HYP: 他认为,两错误导致了杀戮。

EN: First there was the publication in February of an interview with Damaso Lopez, a leader of one of the rival cartel factions at war with Guzman's sons.
ZH_REF: 第一，2 月份出版了达马索·洛佩兹采访，他领导着一个与古兹曼几个儿子对战的卡特尔集团。
ZH_HYP: 首先,2月发表了一次与与卡特尔的的卡特尔派系的领导人damasolopez的采访。

EN: The piece may have angered the sons; suspected gang members bought up every copy of the edition as soon as they were delivered to newsstands.
ZH_REF: 这份报道可能激怒了这几个儿子；报纸一送到报摊就被嫌疑帮派成员买断。
ZH_HYP: 这片可能激怒了儿子;怀疑他们一到报摊就把每件版都买到了报摊。

EN: The second mistake was not forcing Valdez to leave the country for his own safety after the seizure of another newspaper that carried the same story.
ZH_REF: 第二个错误是在另一份报道同一个故事的报纸被没收后没有强迫瓦尔迪兹为自身安全考虑离开墨西哥。
ZH_HYP: 第二个错误并不是迫使瓦尔德斯在另一报纸上的安全。

EN: Valdez was a legend in Mexico and abroad, and his killing is seen as a milestone in Mexican violence against journalists.
ZH_REF: 瓦尔迪兹在墨西哥及国外是一个传奇，他的死对墨西哥针对记者的暴力具有重大意义。
ZH_HYP: 瓦尔德斯在墨西哥和国外传奇,他的杀害被视为是对记者的暴力的一个里程碑。

EN: He'd survived for so long, his friends and colleagues assumed he'd always be there.
ZH_REF: 他的精神长存，他的朋友和同事相信他一直与我们同在。
ZH_HYP: 他的朋友和同事们都会一直都在那里。

EN: He was a veteran reporter for Noroeste in 2003 when he joined five colleagues in creating Riodoce, selling $50 shares.
ZH_REF: 2003 年他还是《Noroeste》的资深记者，当年他联合了五位同事创办了《Riodoce》，卖了 50 美元的股份。
ZH_HYP: 他是2003年他加入了诺诺斯的记者,他他加入了五位同事,卖出50美元。

EN: In Sinaloa, "it was impossible to do journalism without touching the narco issue," said Bojorquez.
ZH_REF: 波荷奎说，在锡那罗州，“踏足新闻业不可能不跟毒品问题打交道。”
ZH_HYP: 在索罗罗,“不可能在没有触摸到毒品问题的情况下做新闻报道。

EN: Over time the paper earned a reputation for brave and honest coverage, and sales and advertising increased.
ZH_REF: 随着时间的流逝，该报因大胆诚实的报道赢得了不错的声誉，销量和广告也增加了。
ZH_HYP: 随着时间的推移,人们赢得了勇敢和诚实的声誉。

EN: Reporters loved being able to publish hard-hitting investigations without fear of censorship, and readers were fascinated by a publication where they could read stories nobody else dared to cover.
ZH_REF: 记者喜欢能够发表直击要害的调查报道而不用担心审查，读者也喜欢报纸发表其他人不敢报道的故事。
ZH_HYP: 记者们喜欢发表打击打击的调查,而不担心审查,读者们被读到了他们可以读过的故事。

EN: Eight years after Riodoce was founded, it won the prestigious Maria Moors Cabot award for coverage in Latin America.
ZH_REF: 《Riodoce》在创办五年后获得了拉美国家玛利亚摩斯卡波新闻奖。
ZH_HYP: 在rrodoce成立八年后,它赢得了著名的玛丽亚·莫尔斯卡奖。

EN: That same year, Valdez won the International Press Freedom Award of the Committee to Protect Journalists for his courage in pursuing the Mexican drug story wherever it led.
ZH_REF: 同年保护记者协会授予瓦尔迪兹国际新闻自由奖，表彰他追求最真实的墨西哥毒品报道的勇气。
ZH_HYP: 同年,valdez赢得了国际新闻自由奖,以保护记者在在墨西哥的故事。

EN: He freely acknowledged that he was frightened.
ZH_REF: 他坦言自己也很害怕。
ZH_HYP: 他自由地承认他是害怕的.

EN: "I want to carry on living," he said at the time of the CPJ award.
ZH_REF: 在保护记者协会授予奖项的时候，他说“我想要继续活下去。”
ZH_HYP: “我想生活,”他在《国家j奖奖时表示。

EN: Drug trafficking in Sinaloa "is a way of life," he said last October, in an interview with Rompeviento TV.
ZH_REF: 后来在 10 月份下旬，他在当地电视台 Rompeviento TV的一次采访中称“在锡那罗州，贩毒是一种生活方式，
ZH_HYP: 他去年10月在接受罗夫利奥的采访采访时说,“是一种生活方式。

EN: "You have to assume the task that falls to you as a journalist - either that or you play dumb.
ZH_REF: 你必须以记者的身份承担落到你肩上的任务——要么如此，要么装聋作哑。
ZH_HYP: “你必须承担起你的任务,要么你就是你玩哑巴。

EN: I don't want to be asked, 'What were you doing in the face of so much death ... why didn't you say what was going on?'"
ZH_REF: 我不想被问道‘面对这么多死亡，你做了什么......为什么你不对正在发生的事发声？’”
ZH_HYP: 我不想被问,“你在这么多死亡的时候做了什么?

EN: The Riodoce staff misses Valdez, the jokester who swore like a longshoreman, the friend generous with hugs and advice, a teacher who knew how to survive.
ZH_REF: 《Riodoce》的全体员工都很怀念瓦尔迪兹，怀念他像一个码头工人一样咒骂不休，怀念这位从不吝惜拥抱与建议的朋友，怀念这位知道如何活下去的老师。
ZH_HYP: 这只管的工作人员,斯瓦尔德斯,那个玩笑的人,他像个长的的的,朋友,他的朋友,他是个懂得如何生存的老师。

EN: They relied on his routine.
ZH_REF: 他们依赖于他的习惯。
ZH_HYP: 他们依靠他的日常工作.

EN: He would always wear his hat.
ZH_REF: 他过去常常戴着那顶帽子。
ZH_HYP: 他总是戴着帽子.

EN: He would go to El Guayabo, the bar across from the office, and would always sit at the same table.
ZH_REF: 常去办公室对面的那家 El Guayabo 酒吧，也总是坐在同一张桌子上。
ZH_HYP: 他将去elguayabo,对面的酒吧,,而且总是坐在同桌旁。

EN: Now, they ask: Was his love of routine his downfall?
ZH_REF: 现在，他们会问：是他的日常习惯造成了他的陨落吗？
ZH_HYP: 现在,他们问:他对他的爱是吗?

EN: His death also has forced them to question their own assumptions about how best to do their jobs and stay alive.
ZH_REF: 他的死也让他们不得不去思考如何做好工作并好好活下去的问题。
ZH_HYP: 他的死亡也迫使他们对自己的工作进行最佳的,并保持活着。

EN: "They don't like it if you mess with their women, their children, their clean businesses, their clandestine airstrips" used to move drugs.
ZH_REF: 波荷奎说，“他们不喜欢你给他们的女人和孩子惹麻烦，也不喜欢你影响他们的合法公司和用于运送毒品的秘密机场。
ZH_HYP: “如果你和她们的孩子、孩子的清洁的企业,他们的秘密简易机场,他们不喜欢。

EN: "Those things were off-limits," said Bojorquez.
ZH_REF: 这些都越过了他们的底线。”
ZH_HYP: “这些事情是了。

EN: The result is, even in the best of times, a high-level of self-censorship and self-preservation.
ZH_REF: 结果是，即使在最安全的时候，也要保持高度的自我审查和自我保护。
ZH_HYP: 结果是,即使是最好的自我审查和自我保护。

EN: Trusting one's instincts.
ZH_REF: 相信自己的直觉。
ZH_HYP: 相信人的本能。

EN: If it smells wrong, stay away.
ZH_REF: 如果你嗅到了危险的气息，赶紧远离。
ZH_HYP: 如果它有气味,就就别走了。

EN: The trouble, said Riodoce editor Andres Villarreal, is that "smell is a sense that can be fooled ... and then the thing with Javier happened."
ZH_REF: 《Riodoce》编辑安德烈斯·维拉里尔说，问题是“气息是一种会被欺骗的感觉......然后就会发生哈维尔那样的事。”
ZH_HYP: 费尔尔·尔编辑安德雷尔说,“嗅觉是一种能被愚弄的感觉,然后就发生了。

EN: The old rules, he and others say, no longer apply in Sinaloa - just as they don't in Tamaulipas, Veracruz, Guerrero and other states that are home to a toxic mix of lucrative smuggling routes, weak institutions and corrupt government officials.
ZH_REF: 他和其他人都说以前的规则已不再适用于锡那罗州——就像已经不再适用于塔毛利帕斯州、韦拉克鲁斯州、格雷罗州和其他州一样，这些州的走私路线利润丰厚，而各机构势微，政府官员腐败，乌烟瘴气。
ZH_HYP: 他和其他人说,旧的规则不再适用于锡罗罗亚,正如他们不在在tamaulipas、veracruz、guerrero等有毒走私走私路线、薄弱的政府

EN: The landscape constantly shifts.
ZH_REF: 局势在不停地变换。
ZH_HYP: 风景不断变化.

EN: In the room where Riodoce staff met for security training, suddenly no cellphones were allowed; days before, it was revealed that spyware sold exclusively to governments had been used to monitor journalists and activists in Mexico.
ZH_REF: 在《Riodoce》员工参加安全培训的房间里，突然就不允许使用手机；几天前，据称仅出售给政府的间谍软件在墨西哥已经用于监视记者和活动分子。
ZH_HYP: 在rodoce工作人员进行安全训练的房间,,突然间没有允许手机;几天,据悉,只用间谍软件出售给政府的间谍软件被用来监视墨西哥的记者和活动分子。

EN: Outside, two police officers sought relief from the 104-degree (40 Celsius) heat in the shade of a tree.
ZH_REF: 外面，两名警察在树荫下乘凉，躲避 104 度（40 摄氏度）的高温。
ZH_HYP: 在外面,两名警察在树荫中寻求了104度的热量。

EN: They were assigned by the state government to guard Riodoce's offices, housed in a four-story building in a middle-class neighborhood of Culiacan.
ZH_REF: 他们是州政府派来保护《Riodoce》的办公室的，这些办公室位于库利亚坎中层阶级街区一栋四层楼高的大楼里。
ZH_HYP: 他们被州政府派的,,在一个层的层的中层层的一座四层楼。

EN: Half-jokingly, some of the reporters wondered whether these officers are among the 50 percent of cops whom the governor himself has said are not trustworthy.
ZH_REF: 一些记者半开玩笑地调侃道不知道这些警察会不会就属于州长自己说的那信不过的 50%。
ZH_HYP: 半开玩笑的是,有些记者想知道这些官员是警察的50%的警察。

EN: It has been months since the reporters have gone into the mountainous countryside, where the drug gangs are in de facto control.
ZH_REF: 记者们去山区已经几个月了，那里的贩毒集团处于实际存在的控制之下。
ZH_HYP: 自从记者们进入山区的时候,已经是几个月了。

EN: For this week's edition Riodoce was looking at three main stories.
ZH_REF: 这周的《Riodoce》主要报道了三件大事。
ZH_HYP: 这周的《里》》正在看三个主要的故事。

EN: There was the killing of former boxing great Julio Cesar Chavez's brother in Sinaloa.
ZH_REF: 其中有锡那罗州伟大的前拳击手胡里奥·塞萨尔·查韦斯的兄弟被杀事件，
ZH_HYP: 在罗亚的的前拳击手朱利奥·查韦斯的杀害。

EN: They also had an expose on government spending concentrated in the governor's hometown.
ZH_REF: 还有州长家乡的政府经费披露，
ZH_HYP: 他们还面临政府支出的情况。

EN: And there was a group kidnapping in one of Culiacan's most expensive restaurants, a block from the prosecutor's office.
ZH_REF: 以及库利亚坎一家昂贵的餐厅内的绑架事件，这家餐厅距离检察官的办公室只有一个街区。
ZH_HYP: 还有一个团体在一个最昂贵的餐馆,一个办公室的办公室。

EN: There was no official word on who was abducted or how it happened, so caution set in when it came time to write what everyone in the city knows: that the restaurant is a favorite of both drug traffickers and authorities.
ZH_REF: 官方并没有发布被绑架对象和绑架过程的信息，因此写下这个城市都知道的事情时需要慎之又慎：那就是这家餐厅是毒贩和官方都爱去的地方。
ZH_HYP: 没有官方的官方的消息,谁被绑架,或在发生了什么,所以在写城里每个人都知道:餐馆是贩毒者和当局的最喜欢的人。

EN: A reporter learned from public records that the restaurant was registered under the name of a politician belonging to the ruling Institutional Revolution Party, or PRI, which dominated all levels of politics for nearly all of the last century.
ZH_REF: 一位记者从公共档案得知该餐厅登记在执政党革命制度党 (PRI) 一位政客名下，该党几乎在整个上个纪都主宰着各个政治阶层。
ZH_HYP: 一位记者从公共记录中得知,这家餐馆是一个属于执政的机构革命党的名字,或者是在上个世纪中占据了所有的政治。

EN: Recently several PRI governors have been accused of corruption in high-profile cases.
ZH_REF: 最近，几位革命制度党州长在几宗受高度重视的案件中被指贪污。
ZH_HYP: 最近,有几名被指控犯有腐败。

EN: Villarreal asked the reporter to write about prior incidents in that locale, including one in which a son of "El Chapo" Guzman escaped a military raid.
ZH_REF: 维拉里尔要求记者写一写之前在事发地点发生的事，包括墨西哥头号大毒枭古兹曼的一个儿子躲避军事袭击的事件。
ZH_HYP: 维拉尔雷尔要求记者写当地当地事件,包括一个“elchapo”的儿子逃脱军事突袭。

EN: Just months before, readers would have looked to Valdez's column for the best-sourced information about the kidnapping.
ZH_REF: 如果在几个月前，读者们会查看瓦尔迪兹的专栏，寻找对此次绑架事件最有力的信息。
ZH_HYP: 就在几个月前,读者们会看到valez的专栏。

EN: "Before, we would have already known what happened," said Villarreal, 46, nicknamed "El Flaco" for his slender build.
ZH_REF: 46 岁的维拉里尔因为身材单薄，人称“瘦子”，他说“在以前，我们早就已经知道发生了什么事。
ZH_HYP: “以前,我们已经知道发生了什么事,”他的“46岁的维拉”。

EN: "Now all channels of communication with our sources have been broken."
ZH_REF: 现在我们所有的信息来源沟通渠道都被掐断。
ZH_HYP: “现在,我们的渠道都已经破了。”

EN: Valdez's office has been repurposed as a storage room for signs and stickers protesting journalist killings, as staff have become something they never expected to be: activists on behalf of the press.
ZH_REF: 瓦尔迪兹的办公室现在被用来储藏抗议杀害记者的标识和贴纸，因为员工们成为了他们从没想要成为的样子：代表媒体的积极分子。
ZH_HYP: valdez的办公室被作为一个记者的的,因为他们成为了记者的的和贴纸的存储室。

EN: Reporter Miriam Ramirez grabbed a few of the signs and headed out the next morning for a demonstration at the local prosecutor's office over yet another journalist.
ZH_REF: 第二天早上记者米里亚姆·拉米雷斯随手抓了一把标识走出房间，前往当地检察官的办公室参加与另一位记者相关的游行。
ZH_HYP: 记者米里米里兹抓住了一些迹象,第二天早上,在当地的检察官办公室里,又一位记者。

EN: Salvador Adame disappeared in the western state of Michoacan three days after Valdez was killed.
ZH_REF: 萨尔瓦多·阿达梅在瓦尔迪兹被杀三天后在西部的米却肯州失踪。
ZH_HYP: 在瓦尔德兹被杀后,萨尔瓦多的阿联酋的消失了。

EN: A burned body has been discovered and officials say it is his, based on DNA tests.
ZH_REF: 官方发现了一具被烧焦的尸体，并称根据 DNA 测试，这就是他的尸体。
ZH_HYP: 发现了烧毁的尸体,官员说是他的。

EN: Nationwide, journalists have become more vocal, scrawling "SOS Press" on sidewalks and buildings in organized protests.
ZH_REF: 在全国范围内，记者们都变得更加直言不讳，他们组织抗议，在人行道和建筑物上涂上“拯救媒体”的字样。
ZH_HYP: 在全国范围内,记者们越来越多地在组织的抗议活动中出现了“sos”。

EN: On this day, the director Bojorquez is away in Washington, trying to rally international support for justice in the Valdez case.
ZH_REF: 这一天，董事波荷奎并不在华盛顿，他正努力为瓦尔迪兹案伸张正义，争取国际支持。
ZH_HYP: 在这一天,导演博尔克斯在华盛顿,试图争取国际社会对valdez案的公正支持。

EN: At a meeting with the governor of Sinaloa the day after Valdez was killed, Ramirez accused authorities of spying on journalists and having them killed for telling the truth.
ZH_REF: 瓦尔迪兹被杀的第二天，在与锡那罗州州长的会面中，拉米雷斯控诉官方刺探记者信息，并因为他们说出了事实而将他们杀害。
ZH_HYP: 在valez遇害的当天,米雷雷斯指责当局对记者进行间谍活动,并因真相而杀害。

EN: She has since asked to be reassigned from covering the government, concerned that her anger has hurt her objectivity.
ZH_REF: 鉴于她的愤怒已经影响她的客观性，她也要求辞去报道政府事务的职位。
ZH_HYP: 她后来要求被派到政府,她担心她的愤怒已经伤害了她的客观性。

EN: Valdez had repeatedly said that journalists in Mexico are "surrounded" by organized crime, complicit government officials and an indifferent society.
ZH_REF: 瓦尔迪兹曾不断重申，墨西哥的记者被组织犯罪、同流合污的政府官员和漠不关心的社会“包围”着。
ZH_HYP: 瓦尔德兹一再说,墨西哥的记者有组织犯罪包围",同谋政府官员和一个冷漠的社会。

EN: In his last book, "Narco-journalism," he wrote that reporters are being killed not just by drug gangs but on the order of politicians and security forces in cahoots with organized crime.
ZH_REF: 在他的上一本书《毒品新闻业》中，他写道，记者不仅仅被贩毒集团残害，更是在与组织犯罪同流合污的政客和安全部队的名单上。
ZH_HYP: 在他最后的《《毒新闻》中,他写道,记者不仅被毒品团伙,而且还被有组织犯罪的政客和安全部队的命令。

EN: The media watchdog group Articulo 19 attributed more than half of attacks on journalists last year to police and public officials.
ZH_REF: 媒体监察集团 Articulo 19 就将去年超过一半的记者袭击归罪于警方和公共官员。
ZH_HYP: 媒体监督组织组织19去年将袭击记者的一半以上。

EN: "In Mexico you die because they want to shut you up," Ramirez said.
ZH_REF: 拉米雷斯说，“在墨西哥，他们让你死就为了让你闭嘴。”
ZH_HYP: “在墨西哥,你是因为他们想闭嘴,”

EN: Clearly, the murders have a chilling effect.
ZH_REF: 显然，这些谋杀案令人不寒而栗。
ZH_HYP: 显然,谋杀具有令人寒寒的效果.

EN: No one forgets the death six years ago of blogger Maria Elizabeth Macias in the northern border state of Tamaulipas.
ZH_REF: 没有人忘记六年前，博主玛丽亚·伊丽莎白·马西亚斯死在了塔毛利帕斯北部的边界。
ZH_HYP: 六年前,在北部边境帕拉帕斯的博客里,没有人忘记了死亡。

EN: Her body was found along with a note purportedly signed by the Zetas cartel: "Here I am because of my reports."
ZH_REF: 她的尸体旁有一张据称由泽塔斯卡特尔签署的字条：“我为我的报道而来。”
ZH_HYP: 她的尸体被发现,一份是由齐塔斯·卡特尔签署的。

EN: A computer keyboard and headphones lay next to her severed head.
ZH_REF: 她的头颅被割下，旁边放着一个电脑键盘和耳机。
ZH_HYP: 她的头旁边的电脑键盘和耳机.

EN: Some outlets have opted to close, such as the newspaper El Norte, in the northern border state of Chihuahua, after the killing of correspondent Miroslava Breach in March.
ZH_REF: ，米罗斯拉娃·布雷奇在 3 月被杀后，一些报业选择关闭，比如奇瓦瓦州北部边界的《El Norte》报纸。
ZH_HYP: 一些单位选择关闭,如在北边境的elnor边境州elnorthaaaaaaa的事件。

EN: Others keep going, as El Manana of Nuevo Laredo did following the killing of its director in 2004.
ZH_REF: 其他人还在继续，2014 年《El Manana of Nuevo Laredo》的董事被杀，但他们还在继续。
ZH_HYP: 其他人则继续,因为2004年的的马纳多的马纳纳在杀害后。

EN: In 2010, Diario de Ciudad Juarez addressed the drug cartels publicly with a front-page editorial titled, "What do you want from us?"
ZH_REF: 2010 年，Diario de Ciudad Juarez 用一条头版新闻公开对话毒品卡特尔，其标题为“你们想从我们这里得到什么？”
ZH_HYP: 2010年,darariodeciudadjuarez向贩毒卡特尔发表了一篇社论,“你想我们什么?”

EN: Some journalists have fled their home states or even the country.
ZH_REF: 部分记者逃离了他们的家乡，或者甚至离开了这个国家。
ZH_HYP: 一些记者逃离了本国的国家。

EN: It's a wrenching decision.
ZH_REF: 这是一个艰难的抉择。
ZH_HYP: 这是个扇人的决定。

EN: It's hard to find work in exile, and they still scan the streets, looking for danger.
ZH_REF: 流亡中很难找到工作，而且他们在街道上仍需小心谨慎，警惕危险。
ZH_HYP: 在流亡的工作很难,他们仍然在街上找危险。

EN: And sometimes, they are hunted down, as apparently was photographer Ruben Espinosa, who was murdered in 2015 along with four women in a Mexico City apartment three months after fleeing Veracruz.
ZH_REF: 有时他们会被捕，据说在 2015 年摄影师鲁本·埃斯皮诺萨在逃离韦拉克鲁斯三个月后在一个墨西哥城市和四名女性一道被杀。
ZH_HYP: 有时,他们被被打猎,显然是在2015年被杀的,还有4名妇女在在维拉克鲁斯的公寓里被谋杀。

EN: For those who stay behind and continue the work, it's a daily dance of high-risk decisions.
ZH_REF: 对于那些待在幕后继续工作的人来说，这是高危决策的日常舞步。
ZH_HYP: 对于那些留下来并继续工作的人来说,这是一个高风险决定的舞蹈。

EN: Ibarra - who once wanted to be a poet - admits that covering the drug trade scares him.
ZH_REF: 伊瓦拉曾想要成为诗人，他承认报道毒品贸易让他感到恐惧。
ZH_HYP: 伊巴尔拉曾经想成为诗人——承认毒品交易的他。

EN: "Mexico is going to hell, and that's why I became a reporter," he said.
ZH_REF: 他说“墨西哥正在变成地狱，所以我成为了一名记者。”
ZH_HYP: “墨西哥要狱,这就是我成为记者的原因。

EN: At midnight on a recent Friday, with the latest issue already put to bed, Riodoce editors sat on the sidewalk outside the office, drinking beer, when all at once, their phones began to buzz.
ZH_REF: 最近一个星期五的半夜，最新一期的报纸已经付印，《Riodoce》的编辑们坐在办公室外的走道上喝着啤酒，突然，他们的手机响了。
ZH_HYP: 最近星期五,午夜,最近的最新问题已经被,,rodoce编辑们坐在办公室外的人行道上,喝了啤酒,,他们的手机开始开始。

EN: A series of shootouts involving gang rivals and security forces near the beach resort city of Mazatlan had left 19 confirmed dead.
ZH_REF: 海滩度假城市马萨特兰附近的帮派敌对势力和安全部队发生一系列枪战，已确认 19 人死亡。
ZH_HYP: 在海滩度假村的mazatlan市附近的了一系列涉及帮派和安全部队的枪声。

EN: The war continued to escalate, as was promised by a series of cartel messages discovered in the area.
ZH_REF: 战事还在升级，正如该地区发现的一系列卡特尔信息预示的那样。
ZH_HYP: 战争继续升级,在该地区发现的卡特尔消息所承诺的那样。

EN: From the curb, via cellphone, they put the news up on Riodoce's website.
ZH_REF: 他们就在路边通过手机把新闻上传到《Riodoce》的网站上。
ZH_HYP: 从电报上,他们把新闻放在了里。

EN: The front page would have to be changed the next day.
ZH_REF: 第二天的头条不得不更改了。
ZH_HYP: 前一页必须换成。

EN: Sirens wailed nearby - another shootout in the area.
ZH_REF: 警笛声在附近响起——该地区又发生一起生死决斗的枪战。
ZH_HYP: 警报器在附近的地方----另一个在这一地区.

EN: Bojorquez glanced over at the police officers standing guard to see if they were alert.
ZH_REF: 波荷奎瞥了一眼站在那里护卫的警察，看他们是否警觉起来。
ZH_HYP: bojorquez在警戒警戒的警戒上看他们是否警觉。

EN: If they were at all afraid, they didn't show it.
ZH_REF: 如果他们有丁点害怕，那么他们也并没有表现出来。
ZH_HYP: 如果他们害怕,他们就没有表现出来。

EN: Beneath the massive portrait of their newspaper's fallen founder, his middle finger displayed for all of Sinaloa to see, the staff of Riodoce was following in his footsteps.
ZH_REF: 这份报纸的创始人已经阵亡，在他的大幅肖像画上，他的中指指向了整个锡那罗州需要眺望的地方，《Riodoce》的全体职员跟随着他的步伐。
ZH_HYP: 在报纸的创始人的的的肖像,他的中指出的中指的是罗的工作人员,他的的工作人员都跟着他的脚步。

EN: "How can you even think of closing," Bojorquez said, "when the same day Javier was killed the intern asked me to send her out to report on the street?"
ZH_REF: 波荷奎说：“你怎么可以甚至想要关闭呢？哈维尔被杀的同一天，实习生要求我把她派到街上参与报道。”
ZH_HYP: “你怎么能想到关上,”博洛克斯说,“当同一天的javier被杀时,实习生要我把她出去报告?”

EN: Size of China’s self drive tourism market may exceed RMB1 trillion by 2020
ZH_REF: 中国自驾车旅游2020年市场规模或突破万亿元
ZH_HYP: 2020年,中国的自驱动旅游市场的规模可能超过人民币1万亿美元

EN: [Abstract] Against the general backdrop of consumption upgrading and widespread popularity of free-and-easy travel, self drive tourism has received support from national policies, and is welcomed by an increasing number of consumers.
ZH_REF: [摘要]在消费升级和自由行盛行的大背景下，自驾游受到国家政策的鼓励以及越来越多消费者的喜爱。
ZH_HYP: [[抽象]消费消费、普遍的旅行普遍普及,,自驱动旅游得到了国家政策的支持,越来越多的消费者受到欢迎。

EN: At the same time however, the self drive travel market, the size of which is expected to exceed RMB1 trillion, is confronted with twin challenges.
ZH_REF: 但与此同时，有望突破万亿规模的自驾游市场却也面临着双重挑战。
ZH_HYP: 然而,与此同时,预计将超过人民币1万亿人民币的自驱动市场面临双重挑战。

EN: Against the general backdrop of consumption upgrading and widespread popularity of free-and-easy travel, self drive tourism has received support from national policies, and is welcomed by an increasing number of consumers.
ZH_REF: 在消费升级和自由行盛行的大背景下，自驾游受到国家政策的鼓励以及越来越多消费者的喜爱。
ZH_HYP: 在消费消费和普遍普及的普遍普及普遍普及的普遍下,自驱动旅游得到了国家政策的支持,受到越来越多的消费者的欢迎。

EN: Accounting for 60% of total tourists in domestic tourism, with market size expected to exceed RMB1 trillion
ZH_REF: 占国内游总人次60％，市场规模有望破万亿
ZH_HYP: 占国内旅游旅游的游客总数的60%,市场规模预计将超过1万亿美元

EN: In 2016, domestic tourism numbered some 4.44 billion persons, with self drive travel accounting for approximately 60% of total tourists in domestic tourism. By 2020, the size of the self drive travel market is expected to exceed RMB1 trillion.
ZH_REF: 2016年全年国内旅游44．4亿人次，自驾游占据国内旅游总人次的60％左右，到2020年自驾游市场规模有望突破万亿。
ZH_HYP: 2016年,国内旅游业约为44.4亿,自驱动旅游占旅游旅游的的60%,到2020年,自驱动旅游市场的规模预计将超过1亿

EN: Statistics concerning the number of persons engaged in self drive travel published by China Tourism Automobile And Cruise Association showed that the number of persons engaged in self drive travel has continued to grow over the last five years. The share of such tourists as a proportion to domestic tourists has stabilized at above 50%.
ZH_REF: 据中国旅游车船协会对自驾车出游人数的统计情况来看，近五年来自驾出游人数持续增长，出游人数占国内旅游人数比例稳定在半数以上。
ZH_HYP: 中国旅游旅游协会和邮轮社社出版的有关从事自动旅行的人数的统计显示,在过去五年中,从事自动旅行的人数继续增加,游客的比例在50%以上。

EN: The introduction of policy measures has provided opportunities and policy guidance for the development of domestic self drive travel.
ZH_REF: 政策的出台，为国内自驾游发展提供了机遇与政策引导。
ZH_HYP: 政策措施的引入为国内自驱旅行的发展提供了机会和政策指导。

EN: Self drive travel clubs make meager profits; complete industry chain is key
ZH_REF: 自驾游俱乐部盈利微薄，完整产业链是关键
ZH_HYP: 自驱旅游俱乐部使微薄的产业链是关键

EN: Although there is enormous potential in the self drive travel market, and active guidance from national policy measures, the self drive travel industry is still at its infancy stage.
ZH_REF: 虽然国内的自驾游市场潜力巨大，国家政策积极引导，但自驾游行业仍然处在初级阶段。
ZH_HYP: 尽管在自驱动旅行市场中存在巨大的潜力,但从国家政策措施中,自驱动的旅游行业仍处于处于阶段阶段。

EN: Meanwhile, there are only a handful of online tour companies and traditional travel agencies that develop proprietary products for self drive travel. Many online travel platforms only sell self drive travel products provided by some suppliers. Some self drive travel clubs are also key suppliers.
ZH_REF: 同时，自主研发自驾游产品的在线旅游企业和传统旅行社也是屈指可数，很多在线旅游平台上售卖的只是一些供应商提供的自驾游产品，一些自驾游俱乐部也是重要的供应商。
ZH_HYP: 同时,只有少数在线旅游公司和传统旅行社开发出专有产品的传统旅行社,许多在线旅行平台只出售一些供应商提供的自驱动旅行产品。

EN: In terms of organizing self drive travel activities, this encompass various aspects including “board, lodging, transport, travel, shopping, entertainment”. Fragmentation is high, and upstream supply chain heavy. There is also significant randomness in tourist spending.
ZH_REF: 从组织自驾游活动来说，涵盖了“吃、住、行、游、购、娱”多个方面，碎片化程度高，上游供应链重，游客消费随机性大。
ZH_HYP: 在组织自动旅行活动方面,包括包括“板、住宿、交通、旅游、购物、娱乐”等方面,,很高,而且在旅游开支方面也有大量的随机性。

EN: Li Guanjie, founder and CEO of Beijing XTX Auto Club, believes that self drive travel clubs are similar to travel agencies in essence. The primary earnings model at the initial stage are mainly based on offline activities. The core areas are self drive travel route products and guide services.
ZH_REF: 北京行天下汽车俱乐部创始人兼CEO李冠杰认为自驾游俱乐部本质上和旅行社是类似的，早期的主要盈利模式都是以线下活动为主，核心点是自驾游线路产品和领队服务。
ZH_HYP: 北京ixcutxclub)创始人兼首席执行官李杰杰(liguanjie)认为,自社社1000年10月10日的主要收益模式主要

EN: However, there is significant product homogeneity in route products within the self drive sector, and the standard of guide services is mixed. Self drive travel clubs are again confronted with the need to restructure.
ZH_REF: 但是如今自驾游领域内线路产品同质化严重、领队服务水平参差不齐，自驾游俱乐部面临着再次转型的需求。
ZH_HYP: 然而,在自驱动行业中的产品中存在着明显的产品均匀性,指导服务的标准也有复杂的。

EN: It is quite apparent that self drive travel is not an independent industry in and of itself. Rather, it is an inter-regional and -industry ecosystem based on movement characteristics of self drive travel. The creation of a complete industry chain is key.
ZH_REF: 可以看出，自驾游本身并不是一个独立的产业，而是以其自驾游的位移特点形成了一个跨地域、行业的生态圈，形成完整的产业链十分重要。
ZH_HYP: 自我驱动旅行本身并不是独立的行业,而是基于自驱动旅行的运动特征的区域和产业生态系统。

EN: Experts have pointed out that in addition to basic tourist consumption, experience is a more important consumption element.
ZH_REF: 专家指出，除了基本的旅游消费外，体验是更重要的消费元素。
ZH_HYP: 专家指出,除了基本旅游消费外,经验是一个重要的消费要素。

EN: Hence, with regards to the development of the self drive travel industry, the experience feature should be enhanced. A “self drive travel +” theme as well as self drive travel product IP should be developed.
ZH_REF: 因此，对于自驾游行业发展，应增强体验特征，发展“自驾游＋”主题以及自驾游产品的IP。
ZH_HYP: 因此,在发展自驱动旅游行业的发展,应加强体验体验功能,并应开发出“自驱动旅行”主题。

EN: Scenic routes are not merely roads, and automobile campsites should not merely meet board and lodging requirements
ZH_REF: 风景道不仅是道路，汽车营地不应只满足食宿
ZH_HYP: 风景线不仅是道路,而且汽车营地不应仅仅满足董事会和住宿要求

EN: Confronted with the rise in self drive travel, the development of self drive travel infrastructure is similarly still fairly rudimentary.
ZH_REF: 面对自驾游兴起，自驾游的基础配套发展同样也还比较初级。
ZH_HYP: 面对自我驱动旅行的,自我驱动的基础设施的发展同样相当相当的相当。

EN: These could draw lessons from the building experience of the renowned self drive route of “US Route 66”,
ZH_REF: 对比知名的自驾游路线“美国66公路”，建设经验值得借鉴。
ZH_HYP: 这些经验可以从著名的“美国路线66号路线”的经验中汲取教训。

EN: In addition to scenic routes, campsites are also important supporting facilities for self drive travel.
ZH_REF: 除了风景道之外，营地也是自驾游的重要配套设施。
ZH_HYP: 除了风景线外,营地还是重要的支撑设施。

EN: However, a Beijing News reporter understands from self drive travelers that few consumers would choose to stay at campsites.
ZH_REF: 但新京报记者所了解的自驾游游客中，选择在营地住宿的消费者不多。
ZH_HYP: 然而,北京新闻记者从自驱动的旅行中了解到,很少选择选择在营地。

EN: They believe that many campsites are infrastructure and can only meet board and lodging requirements. Considered low class with dull product features, they are unable to meet the multi-faceted demands of self drive travel.
ZH_REF: 他们认为，很多营地偏向于基础建设，只能满足吃住，档次不高，产品单一，无法满足自驾游这种包含很多元素的需求。
ZH_HYP: 他们认为,许多营地是基础设施,只能满足董事会和住宿要求。他们认为低类产品的特点,他们无法满足多的自动旅行需求。

EN: Consumer groups
ZH_REF: 消费群
ZH_HYP: 消费者团体

EN: A survey in lodging revealed that self drive travelers prefer non-standard lodging.
ZH_REF: 从住宿调查看，自驾游人群相对更加偏好非标准住宿。
ZH_HYP: 在住宿的调查显示,自驱旅行者更喜欢非标准的住宿。

EN: In terms of self drive travel categories, driving in neighboring areas is the predominant category, accounting for 84. 32%.
ZH_REF: 从自驾游类型来看，周边自驾是自驾游的最主要类型，占比84．32％。
ZH_HYP: 在自驱动旅行类别而言,在邻近地区的驾驶占84.32%。

EN: Self drive travel overseas is a dream for many, but the proportion is still relatively small.
ZH_REF: 出境自驾是很多人的向往，但占比还较小。
ZH_HYP: 海外旅行是许多人的梦想,但比例仍然相对小。

EN: Meanwhile, with higher consumption demand, tourists who enjoyed self drive “tour of sights” have begun to change their opinion. Instead of “alighting to take photos, and boarding to sleep” during the self drive travel process, they are now more concerned with the travel experience and process.
ZH_REF: 同时随着消费需求的提升，过去喜欢自驾“游览景点”的游客开始转变观念，不再是自驾游过程中“下车拍照、上车睡觉”，而是更加关注旅行的体验和过程。
ZH_HYP: 与此同时,随着消费需求量的高,旅游者“旅游景”的旅游”开始改变他们的观点,而不是“在“旅行”旅行过程中,他们现在更关心旅游的体验和过程。

EN: Dinosaur used camouflage to evade its enemies
ZH_REF: 恐龙利用伪装躲避敌人
ZH_HYP: 恐龙用伪装来逃避敌人

EN: At first glance, it looks like a statue albeit a terrifying one.
ZH_REF: 乍一看，它挺可怕的，但看起来却像一尊雕像。
ZH_HYP: 乍一看,看起来像像像像。

EN: Now researchers have revealed the first findings from the incredible rhino-sized creature found by a Canadian miner were so well preserved experts have described it as 'the Mona Lisa of dinosaurs'.
ZH_REF: 研究人员公布了有关加拿大矿工发现的如犀牛般大小的、不可思议的生物化石的首个研究成果，指出这个化石保存完好，因此，专家们将其称为“恐龙界的蒙娜丽莎””。
ZH_HYP: 现在研究人员发现,加拿大矿工发现的的犀牛发现的第一种发现是保存保存的的专家们认为这是“恐龙的丽莎”。

EN: It was so well preserved, they were even able to determine the colour of its scaly skin was a reddish brown - and say it had something of a 'troubled past'.
ZH_REF: 这尊化石保存得非常完好，甚至能够断定其鳞状皮肤的颜色为红棕色。这说明它有过一些“烦恼的经历”。
ZH_HYP: 它保存得很好,甚至能确定其的鳞皮皮肤的颜色,它有一种“麻烦的”。

EN: The report in the journal Current Biology described it as 'the best-preserved armored dinosaur ever found, and one of the best dinosaur specimens in the world.'
ZH_REF: 《当代生物学》杂志中的相关报道将其描述为“有史以来发现的保存最完好的披甲恐龙，也是世界上最好的恐龙标本之一。”
ZH_HYP: 《《生物》杂志的报告将它描述为“最佳保存的恐龙”恐龙,以及世界上最好的恐龙标本。

EN: The fossil is a newfound species of nodosaur, which lived midway through the Cretaceous period, between 110 million and 112 million years ago.
ZH_REF: 该化石是一种新发现的结节龙种类，其生活在 1.1 亿至 1.12 亿年前的白垩纪中期。
ZH_HYP: 化石是一种新的的,在110亿年前,1.1亿至112亿年前。

EN: It's incredible well preserved state has stunned researchers, who describe it as 'truly remarkable'
ZH_REF: 其保存状态极为完好，震惊了研究人员，他们形容它“真的令人叹为观止”。
ZH_HYP: 令人难以置信的保存国已经震惊,研究人员称其为“真正的”

EN: The armoured plant-eater is the best preserved fossil of its kind ever found, according to reports in National Geographic.
ZH_REF: 据《国家地理杂志》报道，该种草食披甲恐龙化石是有史以来发现的保存最完好的同类恐龙化石。
ZH_HYP: 据国家地理报告,,装甲植物的最能保存的化石。

EN: It was found by Shawn Funk, when he was digging at the Suncor Millenium Mine near Fort McMurray in northern Alberta, Canada, on March 21, 2011.
ZH_REF: 2011 年 3 月 21 日，肖恩?芬克 (Shawn Funk) 在加拿大艾伯塔省北部麦克默里堡附近的森科尔千禧矿场挖矿时发现了这具化石。
ZH_HYP: 2011年3月21日,肖恩·富克发现了他在加拿大北部阿尔伯塔的的的米勒雷附近的。

EN: He hit something which seemed out of place from the surrounding rock, and decided to take a closer look.
ZH_REF: 当时，他碰到某种似乎与周围岩石不大一样的东西，于是，他决定仔细地看了一下。
ZH_HYP: 他打了一些从周围的岩石中的地方,决定再仔细地看。

EN: The fossil he uncovered was sent to the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Paleontology.
ZH_REF: 之后，他所发现的化石被送往到加拿大皇家泰瑞尔古生物博物馆。
ZH_HYP: 他发现的化石被送往皇家泰尔尔博物馆。

EN: They spent the next six years working on uncovering the beast within the 2,500-pound (1,100 kg) lump of earth.
ZH_REF: 研究人员耗时 6 年时间才使藏在2500磅（1100 公斤）的土块内部的这具野兽露出真面目。
ZH_HYP: 他们在今后六年的时间里,将这一兽的在2500磅(1100公斤)的地球上.

EN: After all that hard work, the finished result is now ready to be unveiled.
ZH_REF: 经过这么艰辛的工作，最终的结果现在才得以公布。
ZH_HYP: 经过了艰苦的工作,现在已经准备好了.

EN: 'If you just squint your eyes a bit, you could almost believe it was sleeping,' said lead author Caleb Brown, a scientist at the Royal Tyrrell Museum where the creature is on display.
ZH_REF: “如果你觑着眼看，你几乎会相信它正在睡觉”，皇家泰瑞尔博物馆科学家、第一作者迦勒?布朗 (Caleb Brown) 说道。该生物就在该展览馆展出
ZH_HYP: 英国皇家泰尔·布朗说,如果你只是眼睛眨眼,你几乎可以相信它是在睡觉的。

EN: 'It will go down in science history as one of the most beautiful and best preserved dinosaur specimens - the Mona Lisa of dinosaurs.'
ZH_REF: “它将成为科学史上最美丽，保存最完好的恐龙标本之一 - 恐龙界中的蒙娜丽莎。”
ZH_HYP: 它将在科学史上成为最美丽和最最好的保存恐龙的——恐龙的丽莎。

EN: By studying its skin, researchers found that this plant-eater, though covered in armor and resembling a walking tank, likely faced a significant threat from meat-eating dinosaurs.
ZH_REF: 研究人员通过研究其皮肤，发现这种草食生物虽然身披盔甲，就像步行坦克一样，但有可能会受到来自食肉恐龙的重大威胁。
ZH_HYP: 研究人员通过研究其皮肤,发现,这种植物-eater--ater虽然被在盔甲,但可能会面临着肉类恐龙的恐龙的威胁。

EN: The heavily armoured dinosaur used red and white camouflage to hide from predators, and employed a shielding technique known as counter-shading, which is also used by many modern-day animals.
ZH_REF: 该种身披重甲的恐龙使用红白伪装来躲避捕食者，并采用被称为“反荫蔽”的隐蔽术，这种手段也被许多现代动物所使用。
ZH_HYP: 大量的装甲恐龙使用了红色和白色伪装来躲避捕食者,并使用了一种屏蔽技术,被许多现代动物使用。

EN: This would have allowed it to better blend into its surroundings and evade its enemies, experts say, suggesting it was preyed on by larger dinosaurs.
ZH_REF: 专家表示，通过这种方式，它能够更好地与周围环境融为一体，从而避开敌人，这表明它被更大的恐龙所捕食。
ZH_HYP: 专家们说,这将使它更好地融入其环境,并躲避敌人的敌人。

EN: The 110-million-year-old creature, part of the nodosaur family, first hit headlines in May and is now on view at the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology.
ZH_REF: 这个拥有 1.1 亿年历史的生物属于结节龙家族的一员，在 5 月份首次成为头条新闻，目前正在皇家泰瑞尔古生物博物馆上展出。
ZH_HYP: 1100万年历史的动物,是在5月的的头条,现在在皇家泰尔尔博物馆里的。

EN: Researchers have now studied and named the beast Borealopelta markmitchelli after museum technician Mark Mitchell, one of a team who spent more than 7,000 hours painstakingly uncovering it.
ZH_REF: 作为团队成员之一的博物馆技术人员马克?米切尔 (Mark Mitchell) 耗时 7000 个小时精心地揭开该巨兽的面纱后，研究人员现在对其进行研究，并将其命名为“Borealopelta markmitchelli”。
ZH_HYP: 研究人员在博物馆技术员马克·米切尔(markeleli)的博物馆技术员工马克·米切尔(markeleli)进行了研究和命名为“野兽””

EN: The amazing preservation of the specimen made it possible for Dr Mitchell and an international team of scientists to document the pattern and shape of scales and armour across its body.
ZH_REF: 样本保存极为完好，从而使得米切尔博士，以及国际科学家团队可以对其身上的鳞片和铠甲的图案和形状进行记录。
ZH_HYP: 令人惊人的保存,米切尔博士和国际科学家团队能够记录其身体的规模和甲和甲的图案和形状。

EN: They discovered countershading, a common method of defence in the animal kingdom, which means the top of the creature was darker than its underside.
ZH_REF: 他们发现了“反荫蔽”术，这是动物界中一种常见的防御方式，这意味着该种生物的背部比其侧面的颜色更暗。
ZH_HYP: 他们发现了动物的的防御方法,这意味着动物的的比比它的阴暗。

EN: Although countershading is common, the findings come as surprise because Borealopelta's size far exceeds that of countershaded animals alive today.
ZH_REF: 尽管“反荫蔽”术很常见，但发现的结果却令人惊讶，因为该种恐龙的体型远远超过了采用反荫蔽术的现有动物。
ZH_HYP: 尽管有计数很普遍,但发现结果令人惊讶,因为今天的的的的的的动物的数量远远超过了目前的

EN: It suggests the dinosaur was hunted by enough pressure meat-eating dinosaurs that evolution favoured concealment over confrontation as a means of survival.
ZH_REF: 这种恐龙面临被肉食恐龙猎杀的压力，从而朝有利的方向进化，使其能够在对垒中隐藏起来，以此作为生存的手段。
ZH_HYP: 这表明恐龙被足够的压力肉食恐龙,进化过程中,进化将隐藏在对抗对抗的一种手段。

EN: But most contemporary animals that have countershading -- think deer, zebras or armadillos -- are much smaller and more vulnerable as prey, signaling that this nodosaur faced a real struggle to survive.
ZH_REF: 但是，现存的大多数采用反荫蔽术的动物，比如鹿，斑马或者犰狳等，都像猎物一样小和脆弱，这表明该生物面临着真正的生存压力。
ZH_HYP: 但是,大多数那些有种的动物——认为鹿、斑马或�甲----比猎物的小得多,更容易被猎物,这表明这只猎物的生存。

EN: 'Strong predation on a massive, heavily-armored dinosaur illustrates just how dangerous the dinosaur predators of the Cretaceous must have been,' said Brown.
ZH_REF: “大型重甲恐龙遭受疯狂捕食表明，白垩纪的食肉恐龙是多么危险”，布朗说。
ZH_HYP: 布朗说,“在大规模的、大量的恐龙的恐龙说明了,这说明了恐龙食肉动物的食肉动物是多么危险的。

EN: Chemical analysis of organic compounds in its scales also reveal that the dinosaur's skin would have been reddish brown.
ZH_REF: 针对其鳞片中有机复合物的化学分析同样表明该恐龙的皮肤颜色为红棕色。
ZH_HYP: 对其鳞片中的有机化合物的化学分析也表明,恐龙的皮肤会是红棕色。

EN: Scientists are continuing to study the animal for clues about its life, including its preserved gut contents to find out what it ate for its last meal.
ZH_REF: 科学家们正在继续研究该生物的生命线索，包括其所保留的胃含物以找出最后进食的食物。
ZH_HYP: 科学家们继续研究动物的生活的线索,包括其保存的的肠道,以找出它的最后一餐。

EN: They believe that when the dinosaur died, it fell into a river and was swept out to sea, where it sank on its back to the ocean floor.
ZH_REF: 他们认为，恐龙在死亡时堕入河流中，随后被冲进大海，最后以背朝下的方式沉入海底。
ZH_HYP: 他们相信,恐龙死时,它掉进了一条河,被冲到大海,,它沉没在海底。

EN: At that time, Alberta was as warm as south Florida is today, and rivers and oceans likely spread far further inland than they do now.
ZH_REF: 当时，艾伯塔省的气候和今天佛罗里达州南部的气候一样温暖，河流和海洋可能比现在更加深入内陆。
ZH_HYP: 当时,艾伯塔和南佛罗里达州一样温暖,现在的河流和海洋可能远远在内陆。

EN: 'This nodosaur is truly remarkable in that it is completely covered in preserved scaly skin, yet is also preserved in three dimensions, retaining the original shape of the animal,' said Brown.
ZH_REF: 布朗说：“这种结节龙真正令人惊叹，因为它被保存的鳞状皮肤完全覆盖，而且，至今被保存在维空间里，从而使其原始形状得以保存。”
ZH_HYP: 布朗说,这只的是非常出色,因为它完全被保存在保存的鳞状皮肤,但还保留了三个维度,保留了动物的原状。

EN: 'The result is that the animal looks almost the same today as it did back in the Early Cretaceous.
ZH_REF: “因此，该种生物现在的形状和白垩纪时的形状几乎一样。
ZH_HYP: 结果是,动物今天的在早期白垩纪的时候一样。

EN: You don't need to use much imagination to reconstruct it; if you just squint your eyes a bit, you could almost believe it was sleeping.'
ZH_REF: 你无需用太多的想象力来重建它；如果你觑着眼看，你几乎会相信它正在睡觉。”
ZH_HYP: 你不需要用力来重建它;如果你只是眨眼眼睛,你几乎可以相信它是在睡觉。

EN: The Cretaceous was a time when giant theropods, meat-eating dinosaurs that stood on two legs, roamed the Earth.
ZH_REF: 白垩纪时期是两足行走的大型兽脚类恐龙在地球上漫游的时期。
ZH_HYP: 白垩纪是巨人的食肉动物,肉食恐龙,在两腿上,在地球上.

EN: Although the king of them all, Tyrannosaurus rex, lived millions of years after Borealopelta, the armoured dinosaur may have been hunted by some of its formidable ancestors.
ZH_REF: 尽管霸王龙是恐龙中的王者，但是，它在披甲恐龙之后数百万年才出现。披甲恐龙可能已经被霸王龙的一些祖先捕杀了。
ZH_HYP: 尽管他们的所有王都是,王,但在后,他们的恐龙可能被一些可怕的祖先追逐。

EN: They include Acrocanthosaurus, a 38ft (11.5m) long monster weighing six tonnes.
ZH_REF: 它们包括高棘龙，一种重达 6 吨、长 38 英尺（11.5 米）的巨兽。
ZH_HYP: 他们包括包括杂技龙,38英尺(11.5米)长长六吨。

EN: The scientists, whose latest findings appear in the journal Current Biology, believe Borealopelta was washed out to sea after it died and mummified in mud.
ZH_REF: 最新研究发现出现在《当代生物学》杂志上的科学家们相信，结节龙死后被冲到海里，之后在泥土中形成了木乃伊。
ZH_HYP: 科学家最新发现的科学家们相信,在在《生物学》杂志上发表的最新发现,在泥浆中被洗了,木乃伊的泥浆。

EN: The creature was found by Shawn Funk, when he was digging at the Millenium Mine near Fort McMurray in northern Alberta, Canada, on March 21, 2011.
ZH_REF: 2011 年 3 月 21 日，肖恩?芬克在加拿大阿尔伯塔省麦克默里堡附近的千禧矿场挖掘到该生物。
ZH_HYP: 他2011年3月21日,他在加拿大北部艾伯塔省北部的麦克梅雷附近挖掘了这一生物。

EN: According to the museum, it is the best preserved armoured dinosaur in the world, including skin and armour, and is complete from the snout to hips.
ZH_REF: 据博物馆介绍，它是世界上保存最完好的披甲恐龙，从鼻子到臀部的区域中的皮肤和盔甲等都是完整的。
ZH_HYP: 据博物馆的说法,它是世界上最好的保存的装甲恐龙,包括皮肤和甲甲,而且是从的。

EN: The creatures were around 18 feet (five metres) long on average, and weighted up to 3,000 pounds (1,300 kg).
ZH_REF: 这种生物平均长约 18 英尺（5 米），重达 3000 磅（1300 公斤） 。
ZH_HYP: 这些生物平均约为18英尺(5米),体重高达3000磅(1300公斤)。

EN: It featured two 20-inch-long spikes which protruded from its shoulders.
ZH_REF: 它有两个 20 英寸长的、从肩部突起的尖角。
ZH_HYP: 它有两20英寸长的长,肩膀上的肩膀.

EN: The researchers believe that the this armored plant-eater lumbered through what is now western Canada, until a flooded river swept it into open sea.
ZH_REF: 研究人员认为，这种草食披甲恐龙在现在的加拿大西部地区活动，之后被爆发洪水的河流冲入大海。
ZH_HYP: 研究人员认为,这种装甲植物的食草器在加拿大西部的,直到洪水淹没了它。

EN: But the dinosaur's undersea burial preserved its armor in exquisite detail.
ZH_REF: 但是，这种恐龙葬身海底使其披甲得以完整保存。
ZH_HYP: 但恐龙的海底埋葬精致的细节。

EN: The fossilised remains of this particular specimen are so well preserved that remnants of skin still cover bumpy armour plates along the dinosaur's skull.
ZH_REF: 这种特殊样本的化石遗骸保存非常完好，使残留的皮肤仍然覆盖着恐龙头骨上凹凸不平的甲片。
ZH_HYP: 这种特殊的标本化石保存下来,保存着的皮肤仍然在恐龙的骷髅上。

EN: As Michael Greshko wrote for National Geographic, such level of preservation 'is a rare as winning the lottery.
ZH_REF: 正如迈克尔?格瑞斯考 (Michael Greshko) 在《国家地理》杂志上所写的那样，这种保存程度就像中彩一样，是十分罕见的。
ZH_HYP: 正如迈克尔·古列科为国家地理写的,那样,这种的保护水平是罕见的。

EN: The more I look at it, the more mind-boggling it becomes.
ZH_REF: 我越看越觉得它令人难以置信。
ZH_HYP: 我越是看,就越是。

EN: Fossilized remnants of skin still cover the bumpy armor plates dotting the animal's skull.
ZH_REF: 残留的皮肤化石仍然覆盖在恐龙颅骨上斑驳的盔甲之上。
ZH_HYP: 化石化石残余仍覆盖着在动物的头骨上。

EN: Its right forefoot lies by its side, its five digits splayed upward.
ZH_REF: 它的右前掌位于其侧面，五个足趾向上展开。
ZH_HYP: 它的右脚是在它的五位数上向上的。

EN: I can count the scales on its sole.'
ZH_REF: 我可以将其甲片统计出来。”
ZH_HYP: 我可以把这一比例计算在它的唯一.'

EN: In a positive environment, an increase in crop yield potential will be significant; in particular, large value-added urea pallets are quality raw materials for bulk blending fertilizer.
ZH_REF: 环境友好，作物增产潜力明显，尤其大颗粒增值尿素更是BB肥的优质原料。
ZH_HYP: 在积极的环境下,作物产量的增加将是重要的;特别是,大型的尿素尿素是是大宗混料的原料。

EN: The total number of security personnel is double that of the 2012 London Olympics.
ZH_REF: 这一安保人员总数要比2012年伦敦奥运会的安保人数多出一倍。
ZH_HYP: 2012年奥运会的安全人员总数为一倍。

EN: In order to ensure the safety of the Rio Olympics, Brazil will start the largest ever security linkage plan.
ZH_REF: 为确保里约奥运会的安全，巴西将启动有史以来最大规模的安保联动计划。
ZH_HYP: 为了确保里约奥运会的安全,巴西将开始最大的安全联系计划。

EN: Earlier, Brazil government has said that a total of 85,000 troops and polices, including 20,000 troops and 65,000 polices, will fight together for the security of the Olympics.
ZH_REF: 之前，巴西政府表示，来自军队和警察的总共8.5万人将协同作战，其中包括2万名军人和6.5万名警察。
ZH_HYP: 早些时候,巴西政府表示,共有85000名士兵和警察,包括20000名士兵和65000个,将为奥运会的安全。

EN: Most troops will be responsible for safeguarding the Olympic venues, while the new 3,000 troops will be responsible for the security of international airports, subway stations and streets.
ZH_REF: 大部分军人将负责保卫奥运场馆，而新增的3000名军人将负责国际机场、地铁站和街道的安保工作。
ZH_HYP: 大多数部队将负责保护奥运场,而新的3000名士兵将负责国际机场、地铁站和街道的安全。

EN: The polices will patrol around other areas of the city, including subways, buses and streets.
ZH_REF: 警察则在城市其他地方巡逻，包括地铁、公交和街道。
ZH_HYP: 这个政策将在城市的其他地区,包括地铁、公共汽车和街道。

EN: It is reported that 6,000 soldiers have arrived in Rio and provided security services for the Olympics.
ZH_REF: 据悉，目前已经有6000名军人抵达里约为奥运安保服务。
ZH_HYP: 据报道,6000名士兵抵达里约,并为奥运会提供安保服务。

EN: In addition to the four competition areas, they will also patrol airports and main roads connecting airports to the Olympic venues.
ZH_REF: 他们除了负责里约奥运会的四大赛区外，还负责在机场以及连接机场和奥运场馆的主要道路上巡逻。
ZH_HYP: 除了四个竞争地区,他们还将巡逻机场和主要公路,连接机场。

EN: Appraisal mechanisms in the services sector are nothing new. The key to having these appraisal mechanisms play an effective role is to have more effective supervision, rather than being a mere formality.
ZH_REF: 服务行业引入评价机制早已不是新鲜事，要想使评价机制发挥实效，重要的是让监管更有效，不流于形式。
ZH_HYP: 服务部门的评价机制是新的,而这些评估机制的有效作用是有效的监督,而不是仅仅是一种形式。

EN: How one activist came to learn the answer to the question: 'Whose Streets?'
ZH_REF: 激进主义分子如何学习回答这个问题：“谁的街道？”
ZH_HYP: 一个活动家如何来学习这个问题:“谁的街道?”

EN: On Aug. 9, 2014, Brittany Ferrell was shaken to her core.
ZH_REF: 2014 年 8 月 9 日，布列塔尼·费雷尔内心惶惑不安。
ZH_HYP: 2014年8月9日,布里塔尼·费雷尔被她的核心。

EN: Just a day after arriving in New York City on a trip, the St. Louis native sat on the bed of an Airbnb she was renting, scrolling through Facebook on her phone.
ZH_REF: 在抵达纽约市旅行的第一天，这位圣路易斯人就坐在爱彼迎租住床上，在手机上浏览脸谱网。
ZH_HYP: 刚好了纽约的一天,圣路易斯的坐在一个空b的床上,她正在租用,在电话里通过手机滚动。

EN: She stumbled upon a post from someone from high school.
ZH_REF: 她偶然发现一位高中生的帖子。
ZH_HYP: 她从高中的的一个柱子上跌倒了.

EN: "The police just killed an 18 year old kid and he's still laying in the street," it read.
ZH_REF: 上面写道“警察刚杀死一个 18 岁的孩子，孩子还躺在街上”。
ZH_HYP: 警察刚死了18岁的孩子,他还在街上。

EN: Confused, noticing no one else on her feed had posted the information, she closed Facebook and opened Twitter.
ZH_REF: 她发现馈送信息上没有其他人发布这条信息，她感到很困惑。她关了脸谱网，打开推特。
ZH_HYP: 她把信息贴上了,她的她的上的人都没有把信息贴上了,她打开了twitter。

EN: A user with the handle @TheePharoah was being constantly retweeted onto her timeline.
ZH_REF: 一位 @TheePharoah 用户不断给她推送动态时报。
ZH_HYP: 一个用户在她的的时间里不断地转播她的时间表。

EN: The St. Louis-area rapper was live-tweeting the death of Michael Brown, an unarmed black 18-year-old killed by a white police officer in Ferguson, Mo.
ZH_REF: 圣路易斯地区的说唱歌手现场推特直播迈克尔·布朗的死亡事件。迈克尔·布朗是一名未携带武器的 18 岁黑人，在密苏里州弗格森被一名白人警察打死。
ZH_HYP: 圣路易斯地区的rouis-------------------------------------

EN: He posted a picture of Brown's lifeless body stretched out in the street, where it would stay for four hours.
ZH_REF: 他贴了一张布朗失去生命体征的身体躺在街上的图片，他的尸体在街上躺了四个小时。
ZH_HYP: 他贴了一张布朗的的尸体在街上伸展,在那里,那儿呆了四个小时。

EN: "This is wild," Ferrell thought to herself.
ZH_REF: “疯了，”费雷尔心想。
ZH_HYP: “这是很野外的。

EN: But death was nothing new for her and her community.
ZH_REF: 但对她和她所在的社区来说，死亡并不是什么新鲜事。
ZH_HYP: 但她和她的社区来说,死亡是什么新鲜事。

EN: She put down her phone only to return later that evening to tweets about people gathering on Canfield Drive.
ZH_REF: 她放下手机，直到当天晚上才再次打开推特，读到关于坎菲尔德大道众人聚集的推文。
ZH_HYP: 她只下了电话,当天晚上,她就把那些在坎菲尔德开车的人的人。

EN: There were photos of police tape and people yelling, and of a guy claiming to be Brown's father holding a sign that read, "Ferguson police just killed my unarmed son!"
ZH_REF: 有警察录像和人们叫喊的照片，还有一个自称是布朗父亲的人的照片，上面写着：“弗格森警察刚刚杀死了我手无寸铁的儿子！”
ZH_HYP: 有警察拍照的照片,有照片,一个声称是布朗父亲的父亲的父亲,“弗格森警察刚刚杀了我手无寸铁的儿子!”

EN: She watched a live feed where a police officer stood in front of a group of protesters with a barking dog.
ZH_REF: 她看到一条现场馈送消息，一名警察用带着一条吠犬站在一群抗议者面前。
ZH_HYP: 她看着一只活的饲料,警察站在一群抗议者面前。

EN: In another video, a different cop, she said, cocked his rifle and screamed, "I'll kill all you ... animals."
ZH_REF: 她说，在另一个视频中，另一名警察举起他的步枪尖叫道：“我会杀死你们所有人......畜牲。”
ZH_HYP: 在另一个视频,,她说,他的步枪,尖叫,“我杀了你........动物。”

EN: "'This is not usual,'" Ferrell recalled saying.
ZH_REF: “这不正常，”费雷尔回忆时说道。
ZH_HYP: “这不不常,”费雷尔回忆说。

EN: "'This isn't the type of murder that we've become used to and can call typical.'
ZH_REF: “这不是我们习以为常的、可以称之为典型的谋杀事件。”
ZH_HYP: “这不是我们已经习惯的那种谋杀类型。

EN: In that moment I felt chills.
ZH_REF: 那一刻，我感到不寒而栗。
ZH_HYP: 那一刻我就感到很冷。

EN: I was angry and crying."
ZH_REF: 我很生气，气哭了。”
ZH_HYP: 我生气,哭了。

EN: She booked a return flight and went home the next day.
ZH_REF: 她预定了回程航班，第二天就回家了。
ZH_HYP: 她订了一个回程,回家了回家.

EN: After landing at 11 p.m., she picked up her 6-year-old daughter from her dad's house and decided the two of them would head to Ferguson the next morning.
ZH_REF: 下午 11 点着陆后，她从父亲家接走了 6 岁的女儿，决定两人第二天早上前往弗格森。
ZH_HYP: 她于11点钟起,她从她爸爸家里拿起6岁的女儿,决定第二天早上他们就会去弗格森。

EN: What happened, to Ferrell and to Ferguson in the following almost three years is the subject of a new documentary, "Whose Streets?," in theaters Aug. 11.
ZH_REF: 在接下来的三年里，费雷尔和弗格森发生了什么事情，就是 8 月 11 日在影院上映的一部新纪录片“谁的街道？”的主题。
ZH_HYP: 在接下来的三年里,在费尔和弗格森的的,是一个新片的主题,“在8月11日的剧院”。

EN: It's a tale of survival and protest, love and loss, strength and resilience from the vantage point of the people who live in the community and packed the streets demanding answers.
ZH_REF: 这是一个有关从居住在这个社区、挤满大街小巷要求获得答案的人们的角度，讲述生存和抗议、爱和失落、力量和坚韧的故事。
ZH_HYP: 它是一个生存和抗议、爱和丧失、力量和抗灾能力的故事,是一个社会中的人们的的。

EN: As Ferrell drove to Ferguson with her daughter, who was wearing a floral dress and matching crown, the two revisited a conversation they'd had countless times before that morning "about the black experience and black condition."
ZH_REF: 费雷尔和女儿（穿着花裙子、带着冠冕配饰）一起开车去弗格森时，两人重新讨论了她们在那天早上之前讨论过无数次的话题--“关于黑人经历和黑人状况”。
ZH_HYP: 当费雷尔和她女儿弗格森的女儿,弗格森,,他们在了一个他们在那天早上的一次谈话,他们他们在了一个他们在那天早上的的关于黑人的的和

EN: "You remember how I taught you about when black people had to fight for what they believed in?" she recalled saying.
ZH_REF: “你还记得我教过你什么时候黑人不得不为自己的信仰而战吗？”她回忆道。
ZH_HYP: “你记得我如何教你,黑人黑人人们为他们所信仰的什么?”

EN: "We're going to Ferguson right now because the police killed an 18-year-old boy and it wasn't right.
ZH_REF: “我们现在要去弗格森，因为警方杀死了一名 18 岁的男孩，这是不对的。
ZH_HYP: “我们现在要去弗格森,因为警察杀死了一名18岁的男孩,而且不对。

EN: I couldn't not take her," Ferrell said later.
ZH_REF: 我不得不带上她，”费雷尔后来说。
ZH_HYP: 我不能带她,”费雷尔后来说。

EN: "This happening today is a culmination of ... that has happened in the past.
ZH_REF: “今天发生的事情是过去所有事情的......高潮。
ZH_HYP: “今天的发生的事就是过去。

EN: She needs to know it and see it and be raised in it.
ZH_REF: 她要知道、看到并且从这件事中崛起。
ZH_HYP: 她需要知道,并在它中长大。

EN: She needs to be well developed in the area of not just activism and organizing but knowing the different layers of the black experience and the black condition and what we must do to get free, to free ourselves.
ZH_REF: 她不仅需要在激进主义和组织方面发展良好，而且要了解黑人经历和黑人状况的不同层面，了解我们必须做什么才能获得自由和解放。
ZH_HYP: 她需要在不只是在积极行动和组织领域,而且要知道黑人体验的不同层次的黑人和黑人状况以及我们必须要自由自由。

EN: Even if I'm fortunate enough to provide her an experience where she doesn't personally experience blatant racism, she is no different than the next black woman-child.
ZH_REF: 即使我有幸为她提供她没有亲身体验过的种族主义经历，她与别的黑人女孩也没有什么不同。
ZH_HYP: 即使我很幸运,她她没有经历她经历的种族主义的经历,她也不会有任何不同的黑人孩子。

EN: I feel like I would be doing her a disservice to shield her from that."
ZH_REF: 如果我在这件事情上保护她，我觉得我是在伤害她。”
ZH_HYP: 我觉得我是为了她的而不把她的。

EN: The first stop when they arrived in Ferguson was on South Florissant Road, a site across from the police department that became a campground of sorts as the activists awaited word of Officer Darren Wilson's eventual non-indictment.
ZH_REF: 他们抵达弗格森的第一站位于南佛罗里桑路警察局对面的一个场地。激进分子等到警官达伦·威尔逊最终不予起诉的结果后，这个场地就成为了他们的营地。
ZH_HYP: 他们到达弗格森的第一站,是在南弗格森的路上,这是一个警察部门的现场,,他们们们们们们们们等待着达伦·威尔逊的最终不起诉的

EN: There Ferrell and her daughter linked up with a local business owner who was making sack lunches.
ZH_REF: 费雷尔和她女儿与一位做袋装午餐的当地企业老板联系上。
ZH_HYP: 在那里,费雷尔和她的女儿和一个当地的老板一起一起。

EN: They prepared bags and helped pass them out to protesters.
ZH_REF: 他们准备了袋子，负责将袋子传给抗议者。
ZH_HYP: 他们准备袋子,帮助他们传给抗议者.

EN: Slowly, a new type of activism began to take shape for Ferrell.
ZH_REF: 慢慢地，费雷尔开始形成一种新型的行动主义。
ZH_HYP: 慢慢地,一种新的活动开始开始形成。

EN: "My activism completely transformed after Aug. 9," she said, noting that while an undergrad at the University of Missouri-St. Louis, she was president of the Minority Student Nurses Assn. and focused on food justice and health disparities in black communities.
ZH_REF: 她说道，“我的激进主义在 8 月 9 日之后彻底改变了。”在密苏里州立大学圣路易斯分校就读本科时，她是少数民族护士生协会主席，关注黑人社区的粮食正义与健康差距问题。
ZH_HYP: 她说:“我的活动在8月9日之后完全改变,”她说,她说,在密苏里-圣路易斯大学的一名大学生科生,她是少数民族学生的护士,

EN: "I had no experience in organizing.
ZH_REF: “我没有组织经验。
ZH_HYP: ”“我没有经验。

EN: It all just came."
ZH_REF: 这一切就这么来了。”
ZH_HYP: 一切都是来了。

EN: Weeks later, Ferrell met Sabaah Folayan, one of the film's co-directors, during an evening demonstration.
ZH_REF: 几周之后，费雷尔在一场夜间游行中与影片联合导演萨巴赫·福莱扬会面。
ZH_HYP: 几周后,费雷尔在晚上举行的晚间演出中,了沙巴·巴亚。

EN: Folayan said she and her director of photography Lucas Alvarado-Farrar "just wanted to document" what was happening.
ZH_REF: 福莱扬说她和她的摄影导演卢卡斯·阿尔瓦拉多·法勒“只是想记录”发生了什么。
ZH_HYP: 福尔亚说,她和她的摄影卢卡多-法拉拉多-法拉拉拉拉拉尔(folarado-farrarado-farraro-farraro-farraro-farraro-farrar

EN: A question came to Ferrell's mind: "Do you want to document or are you trying to find a story that you can exploit?"
ZH_REF: 费雷尔脑海中浮现一个问题：“你是想记录还是想找到一个你可以加以利用的故事？”
ZH_HYP: 费雷尔的脑海里:“你想想记录还是你想找一个能利用的故事?”

EN: That skepticism was informed by countless instances of people - often white - coming into a community to profit off its pain and resilience.
ZH_REF: 这种怀疑来源于很多这种案例：人们 - 通常是白人 - 进入一个社区，以从其痛苦和坚韧中获得利益。
ZH_HYP: 这种怀疑论被无数人的----常常是白人----的情况下,人们的了这种怀疑态度。

EN: As Folayan explained in a recent interview, "We had heard that people who are born and raised in Ferguson were not having their voices centered, and we wanted to do it differently."
ZH_REF: 正如福莱扬在最近一次采访中所解释的那样，“我们听说在弗格森土生土长的人们没有集中他们的声音，而我们想要以不同的方式去做。”
ZH_HYP: 正如在最近的采访中解释的那样,“我们听说过,在弗格森出生和长大的人没有没有以他们的声音,我们我们也想不同的方式去做。”

EN: Folayan had already linked up with co-director Damon Davis, an area artist known for his activism around death row inmates.
ZH_REF: 福莱扬已经与联合导演戴蒙·戴维斯联系上。戴蒙·戴维斯是一位以针对死囚犯的激进主义而闻名的地区艺术家。
ZH_HYP: 福尔亚已经与戴维斯戴维斯(damondavis)联系在死囚牢房囚犯附近的地区艺术家。

EN: His involvement endeared Ferrell to the project, along with six other locals the "Whose Streets?" team followed in the years after Brown's shooting.
ZH_REF: 他的参与使费雷尔和其他六位当地人一起加入了“谁的街道？”项目团队，在布朗遭枪击之后几年中一直不离不弃。
ZH_HYP: 他的参与让费雷尔参加了项目,还有6名当地人““街头”队”的项目。

EN: "This documentary is not somebody speaking for us or speaking to us, it's us speaking," Davis said.
ZH_REF: “这部纪录片不是有人为我们说话或与我们谈话，这是我们的发言。”戴维斯说。
ZH_HYP: “这片纪录片不是我们说话的人,我们说的,”戴维斯说。

EN: "That was the main thing for me, how these people will be represented, because that's how I will be represented."
ZH_REF: “我主要关注这些人物如何呈现，因为这也是我被呈现的方式。”
ZH_HYP: “这是我的主要,,这些人将如何代表,因为这是我代表的代表。”

EN: While the goal wasn't to focus on Ferrell's experience - in an effort to show that the movement is "not about a messiah leader but a community coming together," Folayan said - she proved to be the most open of the film's participants.
ZH_REF: 尽管目标不是关注费雷尔的经历 – 而是展现这次运动“不是关于救世主领导者，而是关于社区凝聚力”，福莱扬说 – 事实证明她是电影参与者中最开放的。
ZH_HYP: 虽然目标不是为了集中费雷尔的经验,但为了表明运动是“不是弥赛亚领袖,而是一个社区的领袖,”她说,“她是电影中最开放的。

EN: As a result, "Whose Streets?" documents surprisingly personal aspects of Ferrell's life, like falling in love and marrying her wife.
ZH_REF: 结果，“谁的街道？”令人惊讶地记录了费雷尔的个人生活，比如坠入爱河、步入结婚。
ZH_HYP: 结果,"街头街头?”文件中的“的个人生活中的令人惊讶的个人方面,像爱恋爱和娶她的妻子。

EN: "I felt like I was naked," said Ferrell, laughing about the first time she saw the finished product.
ZH_REF: “我感觉自己赤裸裸的，”费雷尔第一次看到成品时大笑起来。
ZH_HYP: “我觉得我是裸体的,”费雷尔说,她第一次看到那件成品。

EN: "But I understood that with doing this work and humanizing black folks, there has to be a level of vulnerability."
ZH_REF: “但我明白，做这项工作并将黑人人性化，必须要有一定程度的脆弱性。”
ZH_HYP: “但我明白,在做这项工作和人性化的人,必须有一定程度的脆弱性。”

EN: Moreover, Ferrell's story reiterates and re-centers the role of black queer women in the broader Black Lives Matter movement.
ZH_REF: 此外，费雷尔的故事重申并重新定位了黑人酷儿女性在更广泛的黑人生活事件运动中的角色。
ZH_HYP: 此外,费雷尔的故事再次重申和重新中心黑黑的女性在更黑人生活中的作用。

EN: Two of the movement's three founders - who coined #BlackLivesMatter on social media in the aftermath of the 2012 killing of black teen Trayvon Martin - identify as queer.
ZH_REF: 该运动三位创始人中的两位 -- 在 2012 年黑人青少年特雷沃恩·马丁枪击案之后在社交媒体上创造了#BlackLivesMatter -- 被认定为酷儿。
ZH_HYP: 在2012年黑人少年时代,在社会媒体上的了黑名狼人的身份,他们在社交媒体上的了。

EN: "Black queer women in leadership has sustained the movement overall," said Ferrell, "and that's because we're constantly at battle on multiple fronts.
ZH_REF: “领导层中的黑人酷儿女性总体上支撑了这一运动，”费雷尔说，“那是因为我们在多个战线上不断战斗。
ZH_HYP: “黑鹰女”的领导力已经了整个运动的总体上,”费雷尔说,“这是因为我们在在战。

EN: Black queer women have to bear the brunt of it all."
ZH_REF: 黑人酷儿女性必须承受这一切。”
ZH_HYP: 黑鹰的女人必须承受首当其冲的.

EN: Folayan agreed noting that "the movement is really upheld by black women and a lot of queer black women."
ZH_REF: 福莱扬同意并提到“这个运动真的得到了黑人女性和许多黑人酷儿女性的支持。”
ZH_HYP: 叶亚亚an同意,“运动是由黑人妇女和许多的黑人妇女维护的。”

EN: She insists, however, that "this is not some affirmative action type of thing" where Ferrell was chosen as the film's heart because of her identities.
ZH_REF: 因为她的身份，费雷尔被选为影片的核心。然而，她坚称“这不是对为事情的肯定行动”。
ZH_HYP: 然而,她坚持认为,“这不是一种平权的,因为她的身份被选择了。

EN: "She was the person who was galvanizing this energy," she said.
ZH_REF: “她是激发这种能量的人，”她说。
ZH_HYP: 她是一个激励着这个能量的人。

EN: "It's not a coincidence though she was on the front lines, because living life at those intersections as a black queer woman, you have so much on the line.
ZH_REF: “虽然她在前线，但这并不是巧合。因为在这些十字路口的生活中，作为一个黑人酷儿女性，你有很多事情要做。
ZH_HYP: “她在前线,因为她在在这条交叉口的生活作为一个黑的的女人,你在这线上有很多。

EN: You can feel her energy through the screen."
ZH_REF: 通过荧幕，你可以感受到她的能量。”
ZH_HYP: 你可以通过屏幕的能量。

EN: Meanwhile, back in Ferguson, the news cameras are long gone but fraught racial ties between the community and police persist.
ZH_REF: 与此同时，在弗格森，新闻摄影机早已消失，但社区和警方之间紧张的种族关系依然存在。
ZH_HYP: 同时,在弗格森,新闻摄像头早已走了,但社区与警察之间的种族联系依然存在。

EN: Ferrell is on probation for 2½ more years for blocking a highway during a demonstration.
ZH_REF: 由于在一次游行期间试图封锁高速公路，费雷尔被判两年半以上缓刑。
ZH_HYP: 在示威中,费雷尔还在212年的时间。

EN: She describes the socio-political atmosphere of the area she calls home simply: "A mess."
ZH_REF: 她描述她称之为家的地区的社会政治氛围：“一团糟。”
ZH_HYP: 她描述了地区的社会政治氛围,她只是“一团糟”。

EN: Still, she clings to a chant she's committed to memory since taking to Ferguson's streets a full three years ago.
ZH_REF: 尽管如此，自从三年前走上弗格森街头时，她一直坚持自己努力铭记的圣歌。
ZH_HYP: 不过,她紧握着她的唱片,她三年前满三年前的街道上。

EN: "It is our duty to fight for our freedom.
ZH_REF: “我们有责任为自由而战。
ZH_HYP: “我们的责任是是为了自由。

EN: It is our duty to win.
ZH_REF: 我们有责任赢得胜利。
ZH_HYP: 我们的责任是是我们的责任。

EN: We must love and support each other.
ZH_REF: 我们必须相亲相爱相互支持。
ZH_HYP: 我们必须爱和支持。

EN: We have nothing to lose but our chains."
ZH_REF: 我们再无可失，除了身上的枷锁。”
ZH_HYP: 我们除了失去了,而是我们的链子。

EN: Online translation services were actually already available on the Internet a decade ago, and in fact, a very long time ago, there was a prevalent view that “machines will replace human translation”.
ZH_REF: 事实上，十年之前网络上就已经提供在线翻译服务了，而其实在很早以前，关于“机器即将替代人类进行翻译”的论调就不绝于耳。
ZH_HYP: 10年前,网上翻译服务实际上已经在互联网上,事实上,很久以前,人们普遍认为,"机器将取代人的翻译"。

EN: A Becoming Resemblance: artist creates portraits using Chelsea Manning's DNA
ZH_REF: 相似之处：艺术家使用切尔西?曼宁 (Chelsea Manning) 的 DNA 创作肖像
ZH_HYP: 类似的:艺术家用切尔西曼宁的dna创造肖像

EN: In the center of the room at New York's Fridman Gallery are multiple faces - white, black and brown, each bearing an almost imperceptible resemblance to one another - suspended on wires from the ceiling.
ZH_REF: 在纽约弗里德曼美术馆的展馆中央有多个面孔：白色、黑色和棕色的，每个面孔之间都有着几乎难以察觉的相似之处,这些面孔则由从天花板上垂下的线绳系着。
ZH_HYP: 在纽约的杜曼画廊的中心是多面面孔,黑色和棕色,每个人都在一个不的的,从天花板上的的。

EN: The 30 portraits were created by the artist Heather Dewey-Hagborg from cheek swabs and hair clippings sent to her by Chelsea Manning.
ZH_REF: 这30幅肖像画是由艺术家希瑟?杜威?哈格堡 (Dewey-Hagborg) 使用切尔西?曼宁寄给她的脸颊棉签和头发碎屑进行创作的。
ZH_HYP: 这幅画像是由艺术家希瑟·德威-哈格布格的的,从海面的的的和头发剪发的。

EN: Manning sent the clippings from the Fort Leavenworth prison, where the former intelligence analyst was serving a 35-year sentence after famously leaking classified diplomatic cables through the website WikiLeaks.
ZH_REF: 曼宁从利文沃斯堡监狱寄出头发碎屑，因通过维基解密网站泄露了机密外交电报，该名前情报分析人员被判处在此服刑35年。
ZH_HYP: 曼宁从了维堡堡监狱的的剪报,在那里前情报情报员在通过网站维基解密的外交电缆之后,他的35年徒刑。

EN: The new exhibition, which opened on 2 August, is titled A Becoming Resemblance.
ZH_REF: 展览于 8 月 2 日开幕，标题是“相似之处”。
ZH_HYP: 新展览于8月2日开幕,

EN: Manning, who was born Bradley Edward but has spoken openly about identifying as a woman as early as adolescence, was convicted in 2013 on 20 charges, including six Espionage Act violations, computer fraud and theft.
ZH_REF: 曼宁出生时的名字叫布拉德利·爱德华 (Bradley Edward) ，曾公开承认在青春期就认为自己是一名女性。于 2013 年被定罪，涉及20项指控，其中包括 6 起间谍法违规行为，计算机欺诈和盗窃罪。
ZH_HYP: 曼宁在2013年出生的20名指控中被,包括6名间谍行为、电脑欺诈和盗窃等,2013年被20名罪名被定罪。

EN: In 2015, Dewey-Hagborg was coming off the massive success of her 2012 project, Stranger Visions.
ZH_REF: 2015 年，希瑟杜威·哈博格在她 2012 年的项目《陌生人的脸 (Stranger Visions) 》中取得了巨大的成功。
ZH_HYP: 2015年,杜威-哈格博格正从她的2012年的项目取得了巨大成功。

EN: In it, the artist produced portraits of strangers from forensic artifacts like cigarette butts and chewing gum, extracting DNA from the detritus to conjure an image of what these folks might look like.
ZH_REF: 那件作品中，她使用从烟蒂和口香糖中等法院物证,从碎屑中提取到的 DNA，创建可能相似长相的 3D 人物肖像。
ZH_HYP: 在这里面,艺术家们制作了来自法证的陌生人的肖像,如香烟,但也是香味,从dna提取dna提取dna,以猜想这些人可能会看到的。

EN: That was when she received an email from Paper Magazine.
ZH_REF: 那是她正好收到来自 Paper 杂志的一封电子邮件。
ZH_HYP: 那是她收到了杂志的电子邮件。

EN: "They were conducting an interview with Chelsea Manning while she was in prison and they wanted some kind of portrait to accompany that article," Dewey-Hagborg explained at a press preview of the new exhibition.
ZH_REF: “他们想要采访在监狱里的切尔西·曼宁，并且需要一张肖像照 ”， 希瑟杜威·哈博格在展览开幕式上对媒体说道。
ZH_HYP: “他们正在监狱的切尔西曼宁进行采访,他们想在一起的时候,他们想与这篇文章的某种肖像。

EN: And she couldn't be visited and she couldn't be photographed at that time, so they reached out to Chelsea and asked if she'd be interested in having a DNA portrait made.
ZH_REF: 当时切尔西·曼宁不能参观，也不能拍照，所以他们联系切尔西，询问她是否有兴趣制作 DNA 肖像。
ZH_HYP: 她不能去拜访,她当时不能拍照,所以他们就到切尔西,问她是否有有dna画像。

EN: The artist and her incarcerated muse became unlikely pen pals, exchanging several letters over the course of two years.
ZH_REF: 于是，这位艺术家和她那被监禁的缪斯成为了本不可能的笔友，在两年的时间里相互交换了许多封信。
ZH_HYP: 这位艺术家和她的监禁的的不可能的笔,在两年的时间里交换了几封信。

EN: They even created a comic book, Suppressed Images, illustrated by Shoili Kanungo, that envisioned a future where the president would commute Chelsea's sentence and she'd be able to see the exhibition in person.
ZH_REF: 他们甚至创作了一本漫画书《压抑的头像》，由 Shoili Kanungo 所绘制。该漫画书预想总统将来可以对曼宁准许特权，她能够在狱中看到展览。
ZH_HYP: 他们甚至创造了一本漫画,被压制的图片,由,这是由总统将切尔西的的刑罚,她可以看到的未来,她可以看到自己的展出。

EN: That Obama would indeed call for Manning's release just days after the book went public was a welcome sort of serendipity after seven brutal years at a military prison in Kansas.
ZH_REF: 而奥巴马就在书出版后的几天要求将她获释。这或许是一场机缘巧合，当时曼宁在堪萨斯军事监狱正好度过了第七个年头。
ZH_HYP: 在这本书公开的时候,在堪萨斯州的一所军事监狱七年后,奥巴马将要求曼宁的释放。

EN: There's also something profound and powerful about the exhibition opening now, as Donald Trump wages war on government leakers and transgender troops while finding new, tweetable ways to further inflame the stark divisions he's been called on to mend.
ZH_REF: 此外，这个展览也有另一层深意。因为当代美国，特朗普政府不断地对政府泄密者和变性军人宣战，同时寻找新的、可以在推特上炒作的方式，来赤裸裸地煽动分裂，而这个展览正是要弥合这样的分裂。
ZH_HYP: 现在,展览会的还有一些深刻的强大的,因为唐纳德·特朗普在政府的政府的政府的政府的政府的同时,又寻找新的、可调的方法来进一步激起他的

EN: When asked about the peculiar timing of it all, Dewey-Hagborg said that "things happen for a reason."
ZH_REF: 当被问及这一切特殊的时机，希瑟杜威·哈博格说，“任何事情的发生都有原因”。
ZH_HYP: 当被问及到所有的时间时,杜威-哈格堡说:“事情发生在原因。

EN: On the opposite wall is her mitochondrial DNA sequence - a centipede of Cs and Gs and As, written in pencil.
ZH_REF: 对面墙上是她的线粒体DNA序列,用铅笔扭扭曲曲写着 Cs、Gs 和 As 符号。
ZH_HYP: 在相反的墙壁上,她的线粒体dna序列----cc蜈蚁和gs,写在铅笔中。

EN: By including the 200 letters (or nucleotides, per the artist's sophisticated scientific lexicon), Dewey-Hagborg hoped to illustrate how astoundingly similar, at least in biological makeup, we all are.
ZH_REF: 通过包含 200 个字母 (或核苷酸，每个艺术家复杂的科学词典) ，希瑟杜威·哈博格希望通过描绘出这些出奇相似的肖像，表达出至少在生理结构上，人人都是这样的。
ZH_HYP: 通过将200封信函(或核苷)中的200封信函(或核苷),我们都能说明生物的相似之处,至少在生物化妆中,我们都是如此

EN: "DNA data can tell so many different stories, so this is 30 of those stories."
ZH_REF: “DNA 数据可以告诉我们很多不同的故事，所以这是其中的 30 个故事。”
ZH_HYP: "dna数据可以告诉这么多的故事,所以这是30个。

EN: The final piece in the exhibition, which is contained in a single room, is one page from the aforementioned graphic novella.
ZH_REF: 展览中的最后一幅作品，在一个房间内，来自前面插图中篇小说中的一页。
ZH_HYP: 展览中的最后一页,是上述的图小说的一个页。

EN: It shows Manning, emerging, King Kong-esque, from the United States Disiplinary Barracks with a speakerphone in hand.
ZH_REF: 展示了在美国的士兵手持扩音器下浮夸、金刚造型的曼宁。
ZH_HYP: 它显示了曼宁,正在出现的,美国的美国人的了一个扬声器。

EN: "When they chill your speech, then they've won," it reads.
ZH_REF: “当他们使你的演讲停止下来，他们就赢了 ”，墙上写道。
ZH_HYP: “当他们你的演讲时,他们就赢了。

EN: "So never shut up."
ZH_REF: “所以，千万别闭嘴。”
ZH_HYP: "所以不要闭嘴。

EN: "It came directly from a letter that she wrote to me," the artist, who hails from Philadelphia, said.
ZH_REF: “这些内容直接来自她写给我的一封信 ”，这位来自费城的艺术家说。
ZH_HYP: “这从她给我写的一封信中直接来的,”“那是来自费城的艺术家。

EN: "I get goosebumps still talking about it."
ZH_REF: “我就是再害怕，我依然要说出的。”
ZH_HYP: “我还在说。

EN: That was purposeful, too, as is everything in the exhibition, down to the height (5"2, Manning's stature) at which her genetic haplogroups were written in pencil.
ZH_REF: 这也是有目的的，正如展览中的所有物品一样，都达到了她用铅笔写成的遗传单倍群信息的高度 (5.2 英尺，曼宁的身高) 。
ZH_HYP: 这也是目的,也是在展览中的的,她的基因的的的是用铅笔写的。

EN: "In the past, I've had them on the wall but I wanted them to feel like a crowd," Dewey-Hagborg said of the portraits.
ZH_REF: “在过去，我把他们挂到墙上，但我希望他们觉得自己像一群人 ”，杜威?哈格堡谈到肖像时说道。
ZH_HYP: “在过去,我把他们在墙上,但我希望他们觉得自己是个人群。

EN: "I wanted it to feel like a mass movement that was forming with Chelsea, like the movement that was behind freeing her as well."
ZH_REF: “但我想让它们感觉像是一群跟随着切尔西的抗议者，正如当时人们抗议要释放她一样。”
ZH_HYP: “我想让它感觉像一个与切尔西的运动一样的运动一样,”

EN: Northwestern Professor and Oxford University Employee Wanted for Homicide
ZH_REF: 西北大学教授和牛津大学员工因杀人案被通缉
ZH_HYP: 西北大学教授和牛津大学雇员

EN: A nationwide manhunt is underway for a Northwestern University professor and an Oxford University employee who are wanted as suspects after a man was found fatally stabbed inside a luxury Chicago apartment, police said.
ZH_REF: 警方表示，发现一名男子在芝加哥豪华公寓内遭到致命刺伤，一名西北大学教授和一名牛津大学员工随后被通缉，目前正在全国范围内寻找嫌犯。
ZH_HYP: 警方称,一名在一个的一名大学教授和一名牛津大学雇员,他们被发现在一个豪华的芝加哥公寓内被被打伤。

EN: On Monday, first-degree murder warrants without bail were issued for Wyndham Lathem, 42, and Andrew Warren, 56, for their alleged involvement in the death of Trenton H. James Cornell-Duranleau, Cook County court records show.
ZH_REF: 库克县法院记录显示，周一，42 岁的温德姆·莱塞姆和 56 岁的安德鲁·沃伦因涉嫌特伦顿· H·詹姆斯·康奈尔·杜兰洛死亡案遭发一级无保释谋杀拘捕令。
ZH_HYP: 周一,在42岁的wydhamlathem和56岁的andrewwarren,,他们被控参与t伦顿·····康奈尔-杜尔

EN: The documents say Cornell-Duranleau, 26, died after being stabbed multiple times.
ZH_REF: 根据文件记录，26 岁的康奈尔·杜兰洛因多次刺伤而死亡。
ZH_HYP: 这些文件说,26岁的康奈尔-杜兰勒。

EN: A community alert released by the Chicago Police Department says the body was discovered on July 27.
ZH_REF: 芝加哥警察局发布的社区警报称，尸体于 7 月 27 日被发现。
ZH_HYP: 芝加哥警察局公布的社区警戒说,该机构在7月27日被发现。

EN: Officers received a call and arrived at the Grand Plaza Apartments and found the victim with several lacerations on his body.
ZH_REF: 警察接到电话后到达 Grand Plaza 公寓，发现受害人身上有多处裂伤。
ZH_HYP: 军官接到了电话,到达大广场公寓,发现受害人身上有几块。

EN: Cornell-Duranleau was pronounced dead on the scene and detectives are investigating the stabbing as a homicide while police actively search for the two suspects, officials said.
ZH_REF: 警方称，康奈尔·杜兰洛当场死亡，侦探正在调查这起他杀案，而警方正在积极寻找两名嫌犯。
ZH_HYP: 据官员说,康奈尔-杜兰劳在现场被宣布死亡,而警方积极寻找两名嫌疑犯,而警方积极寻找两名嫌犯。

EN: Lathem has been an associate professor of microbiology and immunology at Northwestern University since 2007.
ZH_REF: 莱塞姆自 2007 年起一直担任西北大学微生物学和免疫学副教授。
ZH_HYP: 莱特姆自2007年起担任了西北大学微生物学和免疫学副教授。

EN: Alan K. Cubbage, the vice president for university relations, said in an emailed statement that Lathem is now on administrative leave and has been banned from entering Northwestern University campuses.
ZH_REF: 校园关系处副处长艾伦·K·考贝奇在电子邮件声明中表示，莱塞姆现在已经被离职，并且已被禁止进入西北大学校园。
ZH_HYP: 大学关系副总统长长艾伦·库里斯(alank.cubluy)在一封电子邮件的声明中说,莱特姆现在休了行政假,,禁止进入西北大学的校园。

EN: "This is now a criminal matter under investigation by the appropriate authorities, and Northwestern University is cooperating in that investigation," Cubbage said.
ZH_REF: 考贝奇表示，“现在这是一个刑事案件，有关当局正在调查，西北大学正在积极配合调查工作。”
ZH_HYP: “这是由有关当局的调查的刑事事件,而西北大学正在进行调查。

EN: Warren is a senior treasury assistant at Oxford University.
ZH_REF: 沃伦是牛津大学高级财务助理。
ZH_HYP: 沃伦是牛津大学的高级助理助理.

EN: A spokesperson for the university and Somerville College said in an emailed statement that, "We have been in contact with the police in the UK and are ready to help the US investigating authorities in any way they need."
ZH_REF: 牛津大学萨默维尔学院发言人在电子邮件声明中表示：“我们一直与英国警方保持联系，随时准备按需协助美国调查机构。”
ZH_HYP: 大学和索默维尔学院的一名发言人在一份电子邮件声明中表示,“我们已经与英国警方联系,并随时准备帮助美国调查当局。”

EN: The statement added that Warren's colleagues were shocked and want him to turn himself in.
ZH_REF: 声明补充说，沃伦的同事都深感震惊，并且希望他能够投案自首。
ZH_HYP: 声明补充说,沃伦的同事们震惊,希望他自己自己。

EN: Chief Communications Officer of the Chicago Police Department Anthony Guglielmi said he strongly encourages the suspects to surrender to authorities.
ZH_REF: 芝加哥警察局首席联络官安东尼·古列尔米表示强烈鼓励嫌犯向当局自首。
ZH_HYP: 芝加哥警察局首席通讯官安东尼·格格莱表示,他强烈鼓励嫌疑人投降。

EN: "Police have an idea of their whereabouts but our efforts to locate that are intensifying," Guglielmi said.
ZH_REF: 古列尔米表示，“警方对他们的下落已经有了一个大概的想法，我们正在努力定位可能的地点。”
ZH_HYP: “警方有自己的下落,但我们努力寻找的努力正在加大。”

EN: Guglielmi said local, regional and national authorities are helping find the suspects.
ZH_REF: 古列尔米表示，当地、地区和国家当局正在全力协助搜查嫌疑犯。
ZH_HYP: 古里莱表示,地方、地区和国家当局正在帮助找到嫌疑人犯。

EN: Guglielmi said police received a call from the Grand Plaza building manager who had just received a cryptic tip that said something had occurred in apartment 1008.
ZH_REF: 古列尔米表示，警方接到 Grand Plaza 公寓经理的电话，他刚刚收到一则秘密提示，说 1008 号公寓有情况发生。
ZH_HYP: 格利米说,警方接到大广场广场的电话,他接到了一个秘密的小费,说在公寓1008年公寓里发生了什么事。

EN: Police described the scene as very gruesome.
ZH_REF: 警方称当时情况非常可怕。
ZH_HYP: 警察把这一场景描述得很可怕.

EN: Guglielmi said it is unclear if the incident also occurred on July 27.
ZH_REF: 古列尔米表示目前仍不清楚这起事件是否也发生在 7 月 27 日。
ZH_HYP: 格利表示,目前还不清楚事件是否也在7月27日发生。

EN: Lathem and Warren were confirmed to be at the building by security cameras, he said.
ZH_REF: 他说，根据安全摄像头，确认莱塞姆和沃伦当时在大楼里。
ZH_HYP: 他说,莱特姆和沃伦被确认为在大楼。

EN: "We believe Professor Latham and the victim had a relationship," Guglielmi said.
ZH_REF: “我们相信莱塞姆教授和受害者有一定关系，”古列尔米说。
ZH_HYP: “我们相信,莱瑟姆教授和受害者有关系。

EN: The management team at Grand Plaza released a statement to residents saying, "Police are currently working on the timeline and background of the victim and are exploring a variety of motives, including a possible domestic incident."
ZH_REF: Grand Plaza 的管理团队向居民发布声明称：“警方目前正在研究受害者的案发时间线和案发背景，正在调查各种动机，包括一起可能的国内事件。”
ZH_HYP: 大广场的管理小组向居民说,"警方目前正在努力受害者的时间表和背景,并正在探索各种动机,包括可能发生的国内事件。

EN: "We'll complete WADA roadmap in near future" - Russian Deputy PM Mutko
ZH_REF: 俄罗斯副总理穆特科表示，“我们将在不久的将来完成世界反兴奋剂机构路线图”
ZH_HYP: “我们将在不久的将来完成wada路线图"

EN: Russian Deputy Prime Minister Vitaly Mutko has said it will not take long to implement the remaining World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) criteria for the reinstatement of the Russian Anti-Doping Agency (RUSADA).
ZH_REF: 俄罗斯副总理维塔利·穆特科表示，落实世界反兴奋剂机构 (WADA) 针对恢复俄罗斯反兴奋剂机构 (RUSADA) 权利的剩余标准不会花费过长时间。
ZH_HYP: 俄罗斯副总理维塔利·穆特科表示,目前还将实施剩余的反兴奋剂机构(wada)的标准。

EN: "A certain stage of fulfilling the road map criteria has been carried out, RUSADA obtained the right to plan and test in cooperation with UKAD (UK Anti-Doping).
ZH_REF: “实施路线图标准已经开展到了一定的阶段，RUSADA 获得了与 UKAD（英国反兴奋剂机构）合作进行计划和测试的权利。
ZH_HYP: "执行路线图标准的一个阶段,rusada获得了与英国ad(联合王国反兴奋剂)合作计划和检验的权利。

EN: The WADA roadmap was updated in this regard," Mutko stated on Thursday.
ZH_REF: WADA 路线图在这方面进行了更新，”穆特科周四表示。
ZH_HYP: 在这方面,"mutko周四在了更新。

EN: The PM was commenting on the second part of WADA's Roadmap to Code Compliance, which describes the criteria for the reinstatement of RUSADA and which recently published on the organization's website.
ZH_REF: 副总理穆特科在评论世界反兴奋剂机构路线图《遵守规定》的第二部分时做出上述表述。该部分规定了恢复 RUSADA 权利的标准，并于最近在该组织网站上发布。
ZH_HYP: 该方案对wada的路线图的第二部分提出了评论,该部分说明了恢复原的标准,最近在该组织网站上公布的标准。

EN: According to Mutko, it does not contain anything that could cause concern for Russia.
ZH_REF: 据穆特科所述，标准中不包含任何可能引起俄罗斯担忧的事情。
ZH_HYP: 据mutko的说法,它不包含任何可能引起俄罗斯的的事情。

EN: "Everything has been announced, everything will be implemented.
ZH_REF: 他补充说，“一切都得已宣布，一切都会实施。
ZH_HYP: "一切都已宣布,一切都会得到执行。

EN: And the results will be presented to the International Olympic Committee [IOC] and WADA in the near future," he added.
ZH_REF: 并且会在不久的将来将结果提交给国际奥委会 [IOC] 和 WADA。”
ZH_HYP: 他还说,在不久的将来,国际奥委会和国际奥委会。

EN: One of the criteria mentioned in the list, however, states that Russian anti-doping authorities must publically accept the reported outcomes of the WADA-sanctioned investigation by Canadian lawyer Richard McLaren on alleged state-sponsored doping in Russian sport.
ZH_REF: 然而，名单中提到的标准之一是，俄罗斯反兴奋剂机构必须公开接受由加拿大律师理查德·迈凯伦就 WADA 批准的关于俄罗斯国家支持在本国体育运动中使用兴奋剂事件的调查结果。
ZH_HYP: 然而,该清单中提到的标准之一是,俄罗斯反兴奋剂主管部门必须公开接受加拿大律师richardmclen对据称的俄罗斯体育活动的的结果。

EN: Referring to the matter, Mutko said: "We are conducting the investigation, as our anti-doping system admitted a failure.
ZH_REF: 谈到此事，穆特科说：“我们正在调查，我们的反兴奋剂系统毫无疑问失败了。
ZH_HYP: mutko说:“我们正在进行调查,因为我们的反兴奋剂系统承认了失败。

EN: All measures have been implemented.
ZH_REF: 所有措施都已经实施。
ZH_HYP: 所有措施都已执行。

EN: But there were no state programs, and we will not admit something that didn't exist."
ZH_REF: 但这背后并不存在国家计划，我们不会承认不存在的东西。”
ZH_HYP: 但没有州立程序,我们也不承认一些不存在的东西。

EN: Mutko's words echoed those of Vitaly Smirnov, the head of Russia's Independent Public Anti-Doping Commission.
ZH_REF: 穆特科的话回应了俄罗斯独立公共反兴奋剂委员会负责人维塔利·斯米尔诺夫的话。
ZH_HYP: 穆特科的言论与俄罗斯独立反兴奋剂委员会的负责人。

EN: Talking to Russian outlet RSport earlier in the day, Smirnov admitted past problems in Russian anti-doping bodies, but added: "We have said on numerous occasions, that the report contains controversial positions and regulations.
ZH_REF: 斯米尔诺夫在当天早些时候接受媒体 Russian outlet RSport 访问时承认了俄罗斯反兴奋剂机构过去存在的问题，但他补充道：“我们多次在各种场合说过，报告中包含有争议的立场和规定。
ZH_HYP: 斯米尔诺夫早些时候与俄罗斯出口的反兴奋剂机构的问题,但我们曾多次说:“我们多次说,报告有争议的立场和条例。

EN: No one plans to accept this report unconditionally," Smirnov added.
ZH_REF: 没有人计划无条件接受这份报告，”斯米尔诺夫说。
ZH_HYP: 没有一个计划无条件地接受这份报告。

EN: RUSADA was suspended from carrying out doping controls within Russia by WADA in November 2015 in the wake of the doping scandal.
ZH_REF: 2015 年 11 月兴奋剂丑闻后，WADA 暂停了 RUSADA 在俄罗斯境内实施兴奋剂检查的权利。
ZH_HYP: 2015年11月,在兴奋剂丑闻之后,俄罗斯ada被停在俄罗斯境内进行兴奋剂控制。

EN: It was, however, permitted to plan and coordinate testing under the supervision of international experts and UK Anti-Doping (UKAD) this June.
ZH_REF: 但今年六月，RUSADA 得到允许，今年可以在国际专家和 UKAD 的监督下计划和协调检测。
ZH_HYP: 然而,在国际专家和英国反兴奋剂(ukad)的监督下,允许计划和协调测试。

EN: Following a visit to the organization's headquarters in Moscow in July, WADA Director General Olivier Niggli stated that RUSADA is "moving in the right direction" to be reinstated.
ZH_REF: WADA 总干事奥利维亚·奈格丽在七月份访问该组织位于莫斯科的总部时表示，RUSADA 正“朝着正确的方向前进”，努力恢复其权利。
ZH_HYP: 在7月访问莫斯科的总部之后,瓦达主任奥利维耶·格利格利说,""朝向""重新恢复。

EN: As far as computers are concerned, whether Chinese checkers or chess, defeating humans was already a clinch decades ago.
ZH_REF: 对于计算机来说，无论是跳棋或是国家象棋，击败人类在几十年前已经不在话下。
ZH_HYP: 就电脑而言,中国的检查人员还是棋棋,都是了几十年前的一个临床。

EN: The president of Croatian Football Association Davao Suk said in an interview that participation in the China Cup is very meaningful for Croatian football, and the Chinese Cup’s bonus was considerable.
ZH_REF: 克罗地亚足协主席达沃-苏克在接受采访时表示参加中国杯对于克罗地亚足球很有意义，中国杯的奖金数字非常大。
ZH_HYP: 克罗地亚足球协会主席戴维斯在接受采访时说,参加中国杯赛对克罗地亚足球非常有意义,而中国杯的奖金是相当大的。

EN: Forget purchasing agents! These 8000-plus products enjoy zero tariff
ZH_REF: 再也不用找代购了！这8000多种产品零关税
ZH_HYP: 忘记采购代理商!

EN: Meanwhile, you no longer have to spend a lot of money to have purchasing agents buy the products you want such as imported cosmetics, salmon from Iceland, red wine from Chile, tropical fruits from ASEAN ....
ZH_REF: 同时，进口化妆品、冰岛三文鱼、智利红酒、东盟的热带水果......你要的这些产品不用再花大价钱代购了。
ZH_HYP: 同时,你不再花很多钱买购买购买你想要的产品,比如从冰岛的的化妆品、来自的红酒、来自智利的红酒、来自智利的红酒。

EN: Currently, China has signed 16 FTAs, involving 24 countries and regions, of which 15 have come into effect, encompassing more than 8000 imported products at zero tariff.
ZH_REF: 目前，我国已与24个国家和地区签署了16个自由贸易协定，已经生效实施的有15个，涵盖了8000余种零关税的进口产品。
ZH_HYP: 目前,中国已签署了16个国家和地区的16个国家和地区,其中15个国家已实施,其中包括8000多件零关税。

EN: Take agricultural produce for example. The implementation of the FTAs has meant that consumers can now sample affordable agricultural produce from different places of production throughout the year.
ZH_REF: 以农产品为例，随着自贸协定的实施，消费者一年四季都可以品尝到来自不同产地、质优价廉的农产品。
ZH_HYP: 例如,以农业为例,实施《金融时报》的实施,消费者可以在全年从不同生产中生产的农产品。

EN: For instance, import tariffs have been cut to zero for the following products: tropical fruits from ASEAN such as durians, lychees, and pitaya from 15-30% previously;
ZH_REF: 比如，东盟的榴莲、荔枝、火龙果等热带水果，进口关税由15%到30%降为零关税。
ZH_HYP: 例如,下列产品的进口关税:从东盟的热带水果,如迪安、里奇和皮亚亚的热带水果;

EN: salmon from Iceland, from 10- 12%; and
ZH_REF: 冰岛三文鱼进口关税由10%到12%降为零关税；
ZH_HYP: 冰岛的鲑鱼,从10-12%;

EN: red wine from Georgia and Chile, from 14-30%.
ZH_REF: 格鲁吉亚和智利的红酒，进口关税由14%到30%降为零关税；
ZH_HYP: 从格鲁吉亚和智利的红酒,从14-30%。

EN: Specialty agricultural products such as beef and milk powder from New Zealand have also seen a relatively large reduction in tariffs.
ZH_REF: 还有新西兰的牛肉和奶粉等特色农产品等都有较大幅度的降税。
ZH_HYP: 新西兰的牛肉和奶粉等特种农产品也关税也较大。

EN: Industrial products have benefited as well. For example, import tariffs for some cosmetics from Switzerland have been reduced to zero, while
ZH_REF: 以工业品为例，例如，瑞士部分化妆品进口关税已经降为零；
ZH_HYP: 工业产品也也受益,例如,瑞士一些化妆品的进口关税已减少到零。

EN: that for some watches have fallen to 50%, and will fall further to zero in a few years’ time;
ZH_REF: 部分手表进口关税降低了50%，并将在几年后降为零关税；
ZH_HYP: 对于一些手表的,,下降到50%,

EN: products from South Korea such as refrigerators, rice cookers, massage devices, and cosmetic apparatus will now be subject to a lower import tariff of 40%, and fall further to zero in a few years’ time;
ZH_REF: 韩国的电冰箱、电饭锅、按摩仪、美容仪等产品进口关税降低了40%，并将在几年后降为零关税；
ZH_HYP: 韩国的产品,如冰箱、米锅、按摩装置和化妆品等产品,现在将进口关税较低,在几年内再下降到零;

EN: and consumer electronics and other relevant products have also seen a relatively large reduction in tariffs.
ZH_REF: 还有消费类电子产品等有较大幅度的降税。
ZH_HYP: 而消费电子产品和其他相关产品也也相对较大。

EN: Products at zero tariff under the FTAs also include intermediates and raw materials required for the domestic production of end-user consumer goods, which will, to a certain extent, also upgrade the mix of domestically produced consumer goods.
ZH_REF: 同时，自贸区项下的零关税产品还包括许多国内终端消费品制造所需要的中间产品和原材料，也在一定程度上推动了国产消费品的结构升级。
ZH_HYP: 根据《贸易协定》,零关税产品的产品还包括国内生产最终用户消费品所需的中间产品和原材料,在一定程度上也将提高国内生产消费品的组合。

EN: MOFCOM spokesperson Gao Feng said that approximately one-third of China’s total imported products enjoy tariff concessions under the FTAs, of which the majority are end-user consumer goods, thus providing tangible benefits to consumers.
ZH_REF: 商务部新闻发言人高峰表示，我国总进口额近三分之一的产品可以享受自贸协定优惠关税的待遇，其中大部分是终端消费品，给消费者带来了实实在在的好处。
ZH_HYP: 中国商务部发言人高高说,中国进口产品中,大约三分之一的三分之一享有关税优惠,其中大多数是最终用户消费品,从而为消费者提供了具体的好处。

EN: Further reductions in import tariffs of consumer goods
ZH_REF: 进一步降低消费品进口关税
ZH_HYP: 进一步减少消费品的进口关税

EN: The average tariff rate of these consumer goods more than halved, plunging from 17.3% to 7.7%!
ZH_REF: 这批消费品的平均税率将由17.3%直降至7.7%，几乎被“拦腰斩”！
ZH_HYP: 这些消费品的平均关税平均税率从17.3%下降到7.7%!

EN: With effect from January 1, 2018, partial adjustments were also made to other import and export tariffs.
ZH_REF: 2018年1月1日起，我国对其他进出口关税也进行了部分调整。
ZH_HYP: 自2018年1月1日起,对其他进出口关税作了部分调整。

EN: The import tariffs of lipstick, eye shadow, perfume and some other cosmetics fell from 10% to 5%.
ZH_REF: 唇膏、眼影、香水等部分化妆品进口关税由10％降至5％；
ZH_HYP: 口红、眼影、香水和其他化妆品的进口关税从10%下降到5%.

EN: This decline in tariff rates means that consumers do not have to have a purchasing agent or travel overseas to buy the foreign products they like.
ZH_REF: 降低关税以后，意味着消费者不用代购、更无须大老远跑国外去买喜欢的外国产品了。
ZH_HYP: 关税下降意味着消费者不必购买购买代理或在海外购买他们喜欢的外国产品。

EN: 2018 Yiwu Imported Commodities Fair: Imported red wine, snacks, fruits ... everything has become affordable!
ZH_REF: 2018义乌进口商品购物节：进口红酒、零食、水果...统统便宜了！
ZH_HYP: 2018年义乌进口商品商品:进口红酒、小吃、水果.............

EN: Foreign press: Year-end return policies at US malls vary widely; be cautious when returning gifts
ZH_REF: 外报：年终美国商场规定差异大 购物退货需谨慎
ZH_HYP: 外国媒体:美国购物中心的年终回报率政策有很大的差异;当回国的礼物时谨慎

EN: China News Service, December 29
ZH_REF: 中新网12月29日电
ZH_HYP: 中国新闻服务社,十二月二十九日

EN: US-based “World Journal” reported that there was a wave of gift returns just after Christmas.
ZH_REF: 据美国《世界日报》报道，圣诞节刚过，就迎来退货潮。
ZH_HYP: 美国的“世界报》”报告说,在圣诞节后,有了一波礼品回报。

EN: A report by American Broadcasting Company (ABC) revealed that approximately half of the goods sold last Christmas were exchanged or returned.
ZH_REF: 据美国广播公司(ABC)报道，去年圣诞节出售的商品，约有超过一半被退换货。
ZH_HYP: 美国广播公司(abc)的一份报告显示,去年圣诞节售货的一半是交换或归还。

EN: Elsewhere, readers had repeatedly reported having been cheated while shopping online. Shoppers should be on their guard when shopping at unofficial websites.
ZH_REF: 另外，有读者多次爆料网购被骗，消费者在非正规网站购物时需多留心。
ZH_HYP: 在其他地方,读者们在网上购物时曾被欺骗。购物者应该在非官方网站购物。

EN: In general, large shopping companies have official and reasonable return procedures, but if you have shopped for gifts at certain small stores or online, you must be careful.
ZH_REF: 一般来说，大型购物公司都有正规、合理的退货程序，但若从一些小商店买礼品或电商购物，必须小心。
ZH_HYP: 一般来说,大型购物公司有正式的和合理的回报程序,但如果你在在某些小店或网上购物,你必须小心。

EN: A Madame Hou of Rowland Heights bought a jacket from an online store specializing in print jackets for more than $60 (USD, the same hereinafter) on December 1, local time, but has yet to receive her purchase.
ZH_REF: 罗兰冈的侯女士当地时间12月1日在一家专门卖印花外套的网上店铺，花60多元(美元，下同)买了一件外套，结果到现在也没有寄到。
ZH_HYP: 当地时间,12月1日当地时间,,当地时间,,买了一件夹克,专门从事印刷夹克,这是当地时间,但还没有收到她的购买。

EN: She sent an email to customer service but did not receive any reply from the store.
ZH_REF: 她给客服发了邮件，也不见回复。
ZH_HYP: 她寄了一封电子邮件,但没有收到任何答复。

EN: Elsewhere, a netizen revealed that when on tour in the US last year, he bought a mobile phone from a third-party seller, but received a box of plasticine on delivery instead.
ZH_REF: 另有网友爆料，去年赴美国旅游，向第三方卖家购买一部手机，寄来后发现里面却是一盒橡皮泥。
ZH_HYP: 在其他地方,网民发现,去年在美国的巡回演出了一个手机,但却收到了一盒塑料的塑料。

EN: After he realized he was deceived, he applied for a refund from the website. Fortunately, he was able to receive a full refund.
ZH_REF: 知道被骗后，向网站申请退款，还好得到全额退款。
ZH_HYP: 他意识到他被骗了,他申请退款。

EN: Nonetheless, some customers felt that website refund services are not perfect.
ZH_REF: 但也有顾客认为，网站退款服务不是百分之百完美。
ZH_HYP: 然而,一些客户觉得网站的退款服务并非完美。

EN: Mr Wang, an ethnic Chinese resident of Northern California, purchased goods at a certain website on urgent delivery services twice at a cost of $4 each but both times, the goods failed to arrive promptly.
ZH_REF: 一位北加州华裔居民王先生说，曾经两次购某网站的加急配送服务，一次加急服务四元，但两次都没有按时送到。
ZH_HYP: 北加利福尼亚州北部的华人居民,在一家紧急交货服务的网站上购买了货物,每次都是4美元,但货物没有及时到达。

EN: He applied for a refund subsequently but did not get a reply.
ZH_REF: 之后再申请退款，也没有得到回复。
ZH_HYP: 他后来申请退款,但没有得到答复。

EN: Large department stores or shopping malls have better return policies.
ZH_REF: 大型商场或购物场都有较好的退货政策。
ZH_HYP: 大型的百货商店或购物中心都有更好的回报政策.

EN: Most of Macy’s merchandise may be returned for a full refund within 180 days,
ZH_REF: 梅西百货(Macy’s)大部分商品180天以内全额退款。
ZH_HYP: 梅西的商品在180天内退回全部退款。

EN: but the merchandise has to be in its “original” state, and the customer has to produce proof of purchase such as the receipt or the bank purchase record.
ZH_REF: 但商品须保持“原有”样子，且需有购买凭证如收据或银行购买记录。
ZH_HYP: 但商品必须以“原”状态,而客户必须出示购买证明,如收据或银行购买记录。

EN: Without proof of purchase, the customer may also receive the store’s credit which may be used to purchase other merchandise.
ZH_REF: 如果没有凭证，顾客也可以获得商场积分，可用于购买其他商品。
ZH_HYP: 没有购买证明,客户也可以收到该商店的信贷,可以用来购买其他商品。

EN: Target has a 90-day return deadline for general merchandise. For electronic products, the deadline is normally 15 days,
ZH_REF: Target对一般商品通常有90天退货期限，电子品通常15天。
ZH_HYP: 目标有90天的商品,截止日期为15天,

EN: but it is extended to 30 days for electronic and entertainment related products purchased between November 1 and December 25, 2017;
ZH_REF: 但2017年11月1日至12月25日期间购买的电子、娱乐类商品的退货期限延至30天。
ZH_HYP: 但在2017年11月1日至12月25日期间,电子和娱乐相关产品的延长至30天;

EN: note that the 30-day return deadline begins on December 25, i.e., merchandise purchased must be returned by January 25, 2018.
ZH_REF: 需要注意的是，30天退款期限是从12月25日开始算，也就是要在2018年1月25日之前退货。
ZH_HYP: 请注意,30天的期限从25日开始,即即购买的商品必须在2018年1月25日归还。

EN: The ultimate shopping experience with the advent of a new era in commercial district shopping development
ZH_REF: 极致购物体验，商圈购物发展新时代来临
ZH_HYP: 商业区购物的时代的发展经验

EN: More than 10 years ago, China was, on the whole, still a sellers’ market. Selection was limited, and so was demand.
ZH_REF: 十多年前，我国总体上还处于卖方市场，人们的选择有限，需求也有限。
ZH_HYP: 10多年前,中国仍然是卖家的市场,选择的是有限的。

EN: A decade hence, the market has long developed into a buyers’ rather than that of a sellers’ market. Shoppers have now become a lot more demanding as well, and are no longer satisfied simply with a “cash on delivery of goods” shopping behavior.
ZH_REF: 但经过十年的发展，市场早已实现了从卖方市场向买方市场的转变，如今的消费者口味变得更刁，他们不再满足于简简单单的“一手交钱一手交货”的购物行为。
ZH_HYP: 十年,,市场长期以来一直发展成买方而不是卖家的市场,购物者现在也变得更高,而且不再不再满足了“现金运送”的购物”。

EN: Therefore, how to offer shoppers the ultimate shopping experience has become the next competitive point for real estate developers.
ZH_REF: 因此，如何让消费者得到一场极致购物体验则成了房地产开发商们的下一个竞争点。
ZH_HYP: 因此,如何提供购物者的购物经验成为房地产开发商的下一个竞争点。

EN: Of the many factors that affect a shopper’s shopping experience, the impact of shopping centers in business districts is the most important.
ZH_REF: 而在影响消费者购物体验的诸多因素中，商圈里的购物中心的影响最为重大。
ZH_HYP: 在购物购物购物体验的诸多因素中,购物中心对商业区的影响是最重要的。

EN: Let’s take a look at how urban builders focus on the shopping experience.
ZH_REF: 看各地城市建设者如何注重购物体验。
ZH_HYP: 让我们看看城市建设者如何集中购物经验。

EN: No two leaves are alike, nor can one find two completely identical shopping malls. A famous shopping mall must have its own characteristics.
ZH_REF: 世界上没有两片完全一样的叶子，更没有两个完全一样的购物中心，一个有名的购物中心必然有属于自己的特色。
ZH_HYP: 没有两个叶子是一样的,也不能找到两个完全相同的购物中心。

EN: In addition to the canyon-like design, there is a large unique inward concave oval-shaped performance venue in the middle of shopping center where specialty performances are often held.
ZH_REF: 除了峡谷式的设计，在购物中心的中央还设有一个向内凹的大型椭圆形演出场地，外形独特，经常会举办特色表演。
ZH_HYP: 除了峡谷设计外,还有一个大型独特的凹形椭圆形表演场所,在购物中心的经常举行。

EN: Its open platform design offers visitors at every floor a view of the activities held in the “canyon”, and the scene changes as you take each step.
ZH_REF: 因为开放的平台设计，使游客行走在每一层都能俯看“峡谷”中进行的活动，并有移步换景的效果。
ZH_HYP: 它的开放式设计让每一个人都能看到“峡谷”中的活动,以及每一步的变化。

EN: In China, the Nanjing Forest Mall Commercial Street, known as the country’s first forest style pedestrian consumption venue, is a perfect integration of shopping and ecology as well as fairy tales.
ZH_REF: 而在国内，有中国首座森林式漫步消费场之称的南京森林摩尔商业街则将购物与生态、童话完美结合在一起。
ZH_HYP: 在中国,南京林区商街(称为“国家第一森林风格的消费场所”)是一个完美地整合购物和生态学的童话。

EN: Today’s business districts are no longer merely the distribution centers of goods. Rather, they are more integrated venues that bring together the arts and culture as well as creative themes; they also carry the responsibility of the masses toward urban living.
ZH_REF: 现在的商圈不仅仅是货品的集散地，更多的是融合艺术文化、创意主题的综合场所，也承载着人们对都市居住的责任。
ZH_HYP: 如今的商业区不再是商品的分配中心,而是更多的综合的,将艺术和文化与文化结合起来,也是群众对城市生活的责任。

EN: Therefore, in addition to meeting the one-stop material needs of dining and entertainment of consumers, maximizing the transmission of multi-tiered cultural and artistic spiritual needs, as well as bringing the livable qualities of residential needs into play will inevitably become the high point of future business district development.
ZH_REF: 因此在满足消费者吃喝玩乐购一站式物质需求的同时，最大化的传递文化艺术多层次的精神需求，发挥宜居的居住需求，必然是商圈未来发展的制高点。
ZH_HYP: 因此,满足消费者的饮食和娱乐需求,最大限度地满足多层次的文化和艺术精神需求,并将居住需求的的品质成为未来商业区发展的高点。

EN: Here, prosperity abounds, and the best in the world agglomerate.
ZH_REF: 这里步步繁华，荟萃世界精华；
ZH_HYP: 这里,繁荣,世界的的。

EN: Dongyuanjinyue, which is in the immediate vicinity of Nanping Business District, has a better shopping environment. At its sole disposal is Western China’s, and indeed, the nation’s leading four-story three-dimensional transportation system, enhancing shopping comfort.
ZH_REF: 东原锦悦则拥有较好的购物环境，东原锦悦临近南坪商圈，独享西部甚至全国领先的四层立体交通系统，提升了购物舒适度。
ZH_HYP: 东源区的东源区的东源市,有较好的购物环境,只有中国西部,实际上是中国四四的四层交通体系,

EN: Competition will only intensify going forward. In a market of rampant homogenization, how to achieve success, and attain a reputation as a “shopping mecca” in the hearts of future shoppers deserve serious consideration among all real estate developers.
ZH_REF: 当今商业竞争只会越来越激烈，如何在同质化严重的市场中杀出一条血路，夺得未来消费者心中的“购物圣地”的美誉，值得所有的房地产开发商去认真思考。
ZH_HYP: 竞争只会在未来的房地产开发商中,在未来的购物者的中,在未来的购物者中,“购物者的声誉”的声誉值得认真考虑。

EN: A differentiation strategy alone is far from sufficient. Only developers that truly place shoppers in their hearts, empathize with shoppers, and offer shoppers an ultimate yet simple shopping experience will be able to stand tall in a market when assailed by intense competition.
ZH_REF: 单单只凭差异化战略是远远不够的，只有那些真真正正地将消费者放在心中，急消费者所急，想消费者所想，给消费者提供极致而又简约的购物体验的开发商才能在暴风雨来临的市场中笑傲江湖。
ZH_HYP: 一个化策略远远远远不够。只有真正购物者在购物者,购物者,购物者提供购物购物者,购物者的购物者,在市场上的高。

EN: To be sure, I believe that, at the end of the day, Chongqing’s residents are the happiest lot to have such excellent shopping experience and business districts. A decade ago, no one would have imagined today’s prosperity.
ZH_REF: 当然，到最后我想最高兴的还是重庆的子民，拥有这么好的购物体验和商圈，放在10年前没人能够想象今日的繁华。
ZH_HYP: 当然,我相信,在今天的末,重庆的居民是最优秀的购物体验和商业区的最幸福的。

EN: Shopping carnival: Consumerism revelry masks true environmental cost
ZH_REF: 物节：消费主义狂欢掩盖真实环境价格
ZH_HYP: 购物狂欢:消费主义狂欢

EN: RMB168.2 billion. That was the amount of money Tmall users spent over a 24-hour period on November 11, 2017 at the “Tmall 11.11 Global Shopping Festival”.
ZH_REF: 1682亿元，这是2017年11月11日，“天猫双十一全球狂欢节”的24小时内，天猫用户消费的成交额。
ZH_HYP: 2017年11月11日,tmall11.11全球购物节”,tmall11.11全球购物节”。

EN: Specifically, in the span of three minutes right after the “Double 11” commenced, Tmall’s transaction volume surpassed RMB10 billion, and exceeded RMB20 billion in six minutes and five seconds; within nine hours, it broke through the RMB100 billion mark.
ZH_REF: 具体来说，“双11”开局后，短短3分钟天猫成交额就突破100亿，6分05秒超过200亿元，9个小时破1000亿。
ZH_HYP: 具体而言,在“双11”开始开始的三分钟内,tmall的交易量超过100亿人民币,超过了100亿元人民币;在9个小时之内,它突破了

EN: That day, shoppers all over the world made a total of 1.48 billion payments by way of Alipay, an increase of 41% year-on-year.
ZH_REF: 这一天，全球消费者通过支付宝完成的支付总笔数达到14.8亿笔，比去年增长41％。
ZH_HYP: 那天,全世界的购物者共支付了14.8亿的,比比比增长了41%。

EN: Such spending resulted in 812 million logistics orders.
ZH_REF: 这些消费将带来8.12亿个物流订单。
ZH_HYP: 这类支出导致了8.12亿的物流命令。

EN: Whether the Tmall shopping platform or the Alipay payment platform, however, both belonged to Jack Ma’s Alibaba Group.
ZH_REF: 而不论是天猫网购平台还是支付宝支付平台，全都属于马云的阿里集团。
ZH_HYP: 然而,无论是tmall购物平台还是alipay支付平台都属于jackma的alibaa集团。

EN: Alibaba used the “Great Singles’ Day Sale” marketing gimmick: Not dating? Singles, come shop online - for the first time on November 11, 2009.
ZH_REF: 2009年11月11日，阿里巴巴第一次使用“光棍节大促销”的营销噱头：没人跟你谈恋爱，那么“单身狗”们快来网购吧。
ZH_HYP: 阿里巴巴使用了“大打曲”销售销售gimmick:不是约会?

EN: The outcome was a surprise. That day, transactions at Taobao Mall (the predecessor of “Tmall”) surpassed RMB52 million, 10 times that of the normal daily transaction value at the time.
ZH_REF: 结果令人意外，这一天淘宝商城（“天猫”前身）交易额突破5200万元，是当时日常交易额的10倍。
ZH_HYP: 当天,淘宝商场(tmall)的交易超过了5200万人民币,当时的交易价值的10倍。

EN: Numerous e-commerce merchants have followed Tmall’s “Double 11” sales promotion, with “JD.com” the strongest competitor.
ZH_REF: 跟风天猫“双十一”促销的，还有众多电商，其中“京东”最为强劲。
ZH_HYP: 许多电子商务商商一直在tmall的“双11”销售促销,,而“jd.com”是最强的竞争者。

EN: “JD.com” has its own shopping festival “6.18” but its impact is less than that of “Double 11”. From November 1 to 11 this year, “JD.com”’s accumulated sales amounted to RMB127.1 billion.
ZH_REF: “京东”有自己的购物节“6.18”，但没有“双11”影响大, 今年从11月1日持续到11日，“京东”累计销售额达到1271亿元。
ZH_HYP: “jd.com”的购物中心的影响”,“6.18”,但其影响影响比“11””,今年11月11日11月1日,“j

EN: The “Double 12” discount extravaganza and the Christmas-New Year shopping period come right after “Double 11”.
ZH_REF: 而“双11”后，紧接着的是与之类似的“双12”打折狂欢、圣诞新年购物档期。
ZH_HYP: “双一一”的“双倍”的“双一一””之后,“双一一一”。

EN: Following the New Year, pre-Spring Festival’s Lunar New Year shopping as well as Valentine's Day shopping await the Chinese consumer. Retail consumption knows no holiday.
ZH_REF: 跨过了新年，等待着中国消费者的还有春节前的年货采购档期、情人节购物档期，消费，不会放假。
ZH_HYP: 新年节过后,春节节节节购物购物购物和情人节购物购物都在等待中国消费。

EN: Massive instantaneous consumption has led to environmental problems, which has attracted the attention of professionals and institutions.
ZH_REF: 瞬时间的海量消费带来的环境问题，已经引起专业人士和机构的关注。
ZH_HYP: 大量的瞬时消费已引起环境问题,这引起了专业人员和机构的关注。

EN: A Xinhua Daily Telegraph report revealed that based on the industry’s general standard conservative estimate of 0.2 kg per packaging cartons, at least 300,000 tonnes of trash were generated during this year’s “Singles’ Day” period.
ZH_REF: 据新华每日电讯报道，按业内每个包装箱0.2公斤的通常标准保守估算，今年“双11”期间至少产生超过30万吨垃圾。
ZH_HYP: 新华社《每日电讯报》报道,根据行业行业的标准保守估计,在今年“单单”期间,至少30万吨的垃圾桶。

EN: Liu Hua, Director of the Pollution Prevention Program at Greenpeace East Asia told chinadialogue that the volume of orders at this year’s “Singles’ Day” from Tmall alone would generate 160,000 tonnes of packaging trash.
ZH_REF: 绿色和平东亚分部污染防治项目主任刘华则告诉中外对话，今年“双11”仅天猫的订单量会产生16万吨包装垃圾。
ZH_HYP: 东亚污染污染污染项目主任刘华告诉中国,今年tmall的“单单””的订单数量将产生16万吨的包装垃圾。

EN: This year, the State Post Bureau estimates that the “Singles’ Day” express business volume could surpass 1.5 billion items.
ZH_REF: 而今年，国家邮政局预计“双11”的快件业务量预计超过15亿件。
ZH_HYP: 今年,国家局局估计,““单曲”快递量可能超过15亿件。

EN: Wang Shi, manager of a waste incineration plant in Beijing told Xinhua News Agency that more than 2,000 tonnes of trash enter the plant each day after “Singles’ Day”, exceeding the treatment capacity of the incineration plant.
ZH_REF: 北京市一座垃圾焚烧中心经理王士告诉新华社， “双11”后每日进场的垃圾都超过2000吨，也超过了焚烧站的处理产能。
ZH_HYP: 北京一家垃圾焚化厂的经理王石叶告诉新华社说,每天““””后,每天都有超过2000吨垃圾垃圾,超过了焚化厂的处理能力。

EN: Express delivery companies have also become aware that the environmental pollution resulting from the express delivery sector should not be ignored.
ZH_REF: 快递公司已经意识到了快递业造成的环境污染不可小视。
ZH_HYP: 快递公司也意识到,不应该忽视造成的环境污染。

EN: Jack Ma, on Weibo, has also called on the logistics industry to support “green packaging” and “green logistics”.
ZH_REF: 马云还在微博中号召物流行业支持“绿色包装”和“绿色物流”。
ZH_HYP: 在博的马云,也呼吁后勤产业支持“绿色包装”和“绿色物流”。

EN: This Weibo received more than 68,000 “likes”.
ZH_REF: 这条微博收获了68000多个“赞”。
ZH_HYP: 这微博的68,000多人。

EN: What sort of mobile payment do Germans want?
ZH_REF: 德国人想要什么样的移动支付？
ZH_HYP: 德国人想要什么样的移动付款?

EN: Zhang Dongfang: The mobile payment war waged in Germany is nothing new.
ZH_REF: 张冬方：在德国拉开的移动支付战局不具期待性。
ZH_HYP: 张东芳:德国的的移动付款战争是什么新鲜事.

EN: All WeChat Pay and Alipay did was to move the battleground to Europe. Neither the competitors nor the battleground has changed - the Chinese; is this really globalization?
ZH_REF: 微信支付和支付宝不过把战场搬到了欧洲，竞争对手没变，抢夺阵地也没变——中国人，这也算全球化？
ZH_HYP: 所有的wechatpay和alipay都是为了让欧洲的,而不是竞争者和战场都没有改变----中国真的全球化吗?

EN: Where there’s Alipay, there’s WeChat Pay.
ZH_REF: 有支付宝的地方，必有微信支付。
ZH_HYP: 那里有有的,那里有wechat的。

EN: According to the agreement with Germany’s electronic payment services provider Wirecard, WeChat Pay officially entered Germany in November this year. The Chinese company has also gradually expanded its presence among merchants in Europe.
ZH_REF: 按照和德国电子支付服务商Wirecard的协议，微信支付今年11月正式着手落地德国，并逐渐在欧洲范围内的商家进行布局。
ZH_HYP: 根据与德国电子支付服务公司(ticalcard)的协议,wechat的今年11月正式进入德国,中国公司也逐渐扩大了在欧洲的商人中的存在。

EN: This time round, the reunion of the two “fellow countrymen” in a foreign country took place in Europe.
ZH_REF: 俩“老乡”的这次异国重逢发生在欧洲。
ZH_HYP: 这一次,,两个“同胞”在欧洲发生了。

EN: All along, Alipay and WeChat Pay have been riding high on the road to globalization.
ZH_REF: 一直以来，支付宝和微信支付在全球化的道路上一路高歌。
ZH_HYP: 在全球化的道路上,阿尔ipay和wechat的支付一直在全球化的道路上。

EN: the second method would be by way of promoting mobile payment services to overseas merchants through Chinese tourists’ overseas spending behavior, thereby changing overseas local entities’ recognition and acceptance of China’s mobile payments.
ZH_REF: 二是通过中国游客出国消费行为，向国外商家推广移动支付服务，进而改变外国本土对中国移动支付的认知和接受度。
ZH_HYP: 第二种方法是通过中国游客海外海外的海外消费行为促进向海外商人提供流动支付服务,从而改变海外的的承认和接受中国的移动支付。

EN: Indeed, win over the Chinese, and you win the world.
ZH_REF: 确实，得中国人得天下。
ZH_HYP: 的确,赢得了中国人,你赢得了世界。

EN: China’s rapid economic growth coupled with its large population base have meant that spending by Chinese tourists in Europe is an attractive figure,
ZH_REF: 中国经济发展迅猛，再加上人口基数大，中国游客在欧洲的花销是一个诱人的数字。
ZH_HYP: 中国的经济增长与人口人口庞大的人口意味着中国游客在欧洲的支出是一个有吸引力的人物,

EN: but this also means that the mobile payment war waged in Germany is nothing new.
ZH_REF: 但这也注定了，这次在德国拉开的中国移动支付战局不具期待性。
ZH_HYP: 但这也意味着,德国的的移动付款战争并不是新鲜事。

EN: All WeChat Pay and Alipay did was to move the battleground to Europe. Neither the competitors nor the battleground has changed - it’s still the Chinese; is this really globalization?
ZH_REF: 微信支付和支付宝不过是把战场搬到了欧洲，竞争对手没变，抢夺的阵地还是没变——还是中国人，这也算全球化？
ZH_HYP: 所有的wechat的工资和和都是为了向欧洲,而不是竞争者和战场都改变了——这真的是中国人;

EN: A more groundbreaking inquiry would be whether China’s mobile payment can expand its territory in Europe.
ZH_REF: 更具开拓性的探讨是，中国的移动支付能否在欧洲本土开疆拓土？
ZH_HYP: 更突破性的调查是中国的移动支付是否能扩大其在欧洲的领土。

EN: Germany is an example.
ZH_REF: 以德国为例。
ZH_HYP: 德国是一个例子。

EN: Magical “new retail”
ZH_REF: 被施了魔法的“新零售”
ZH_HYP: 神奇的“新零售”

EN: Chen Xinlei, Yang Kaihan: When Amazon made it to the world’s top 10 list of retailers, it announced that it would venture into the bookstores and grocery stores; this is worth pondering, both in terms of opportunity and motive.
ZH_REF: 陈歆磊、杨凯涵：亚马逊在挤进全球十大零售商时候宣布进军书店和杂货铺，不论时机还是动机都很值得玩味。
ZH_HYP: 陈新新石:当亚马逊将其成为世界上十名零售商名单上时,它宣布它将冒险到书店和杂货店,这在机会和动机方面都值得考虑。

EN: In November 2015, Amazon opened its first physical bookstore in Seattle. This was followed by two bookstores in Portland and San Diego.
ZH_REF: 2015年11月，亚马逊在西雅图开设了第一家实体书店，之后又开设了波特兰和圣地亚哥的两家书店。
ZH_HYP: 2015年11月,亚马逊在西雅图开设了第一部物理书店,随后在波特兰和圣地亚哥的书店。

EN: At the beginning of 2017, Amazon opened its bookstore and New York, and planned to have at least eight stores by the end of the year.
ZH_REF: 2017年伊始，亚马逊在纽约开设店面，并计划到年底至少拥有8家店面。
ZH_HYP: 2017年初,亚马逊开设了书店和纽约,计划在年底前至少有8家店。

EN: As far as Amazon is concerned, its sudden but frequent forays into physical stores in the last few years have been very unexpected.
ZH_REF: 就亚马逊而言，近几年忽然在实体店上面动作频频是非常意外的一件事。
ZH_HYP: 就亚马逊而言,它在过去几年里突然突然地进入物质商店,但却经常被意外。

EN: This is because way back in 2007, CEO Jeff Bezos, in his “Letter to Shareholders”, highlighted that Amazon would not arbitrarily start a new business (such as a physical store) unless the four conditions set out below are met simultaneously:
ZH_REF: 因为早在2007年的《致股东公开信》中，CEO杰夫•贝佐斯就强调，亚马逊不会轻易开设实体店，除非同时满足下列四个条件：
ZH_HYP: 这是因为2007年的首席执行官杰夫·贝佐斯在其“致人”的信中强调,亚马逊不会在新的业务(如有形商店),除非下面的四条件同时

EN: 1. We must convince ourselves that the new opportunity can generate the returns on capital our investors expected when they invested in Amazon;
ZH_REF: 1.我们必须确信这个新机会能让股东的投资有所回报；
ZH_HYP: 1.我们必须说服自己,新的机会可以在我们投资亚马逊投资时投资时得到回报;

EN: 2. we must convince ourselves that the new business can grow to a scale where it can be significant in the context of our overall company;
ZH_REF: 2.我们必须确信这个新机会对于整个公司有重大意义；
ZH_HYP: 2.我们必须说服自己,新的业务可以在我们的整体公司的范围内,

EN: 3. we must believe that the opportunity is currently underserved; and
ZH_REF: 3.我们必须确信这个新机会是被市场忽视的；
ZH_HYP: 3.我们必须相信,机会得到充分服务;

EN: 4. we have the capabilities needed to bring strong customer-facing differentiation to the marketplace.
ZH_REF: 4.我们必须确信在这个市场上，我们拥有足够的资源能做出面向顾客的差异化。
ZH_HYP: 我们有能力将客户的的化化。

EN: Bookstores and grocery stores are the two most precarious physical retail sub-sectors, and were the first to be knocked out after the rise of Amazon.
ZH_REF: 书店和杂货铺，是两个实体零售中最摇摇欲坠的分类，也是亚马逊兴起后最先倒下的对手。
ZH_HYP: 书店和杂货店是两个最不稳定的零售部门,在亚马逊逊后被打倒。

EN: When Amazon made it to the world’s top 10 list of retailers, it announced that it would venture into these two physical markets; this is worth pondering, both in terms of opportunity and motive.
ZH_REF: 亚马逊在挤进全球十大零售商的时候宣布进军这两个实体市场，不论时机还是动机都很值得玩味。
ZH_HYP: 当亚马逊将其成为世界上十大零售商名单时,它宣布它将进入这两个市场市场;这在机会和动机方面都是值得考虑的。

EN: Did Amazon do something in contrary to the guarantee it made in its letter to shareholders?
ZH_REF: 亚马逊的做法，和股东信中的保证相违背吗？
ZH_HYP: 亚马逊在其给股东的信中做了什么?

EN: Similar words were echoed at the other end of the world. On the morning of October 13, 2016, at The Computing Conference 2016 held in Yunqi, Hangzhou, Alibaba Chairman Jack Ma said in his keynote address that,
ZH_REF: 地球的另一端也听到了类似的声音。2016年10月13日上午，在2016杭州•云栖大会上，阿里巴巴董事局主席马云发表主题演讲。
ZH_HYP: 在2016年10月13日上午,在杭州的云举行的2016年的计算机会议上,阿里巴巴主席的马云在他的主旨演讲中表示

EN: “From next year onward, Alibaba will no longer talk about ‘e-commerce’.
ZH_REF: 他说：“从明年开始，阿里巴巴将不再提‘电子商务’这个说法。
ZH_HYP: “从明年开始,阿里巴巴就不再谈论“电子商务”。

EN: The era of pure e-commerce firms will soon come to an end. E-commerce will no longer exist in the next 10 to 20 years, replaced instead by ‘new retail’.
ZH_REF: 纯电商的时代很快就会结束，未来的十年、二十年将没有电子商务，取而代之的是‘新零售’。
ZH_HYP: 纯粹电子商务公司的时代即将结束,电子商务将在未来10至20年中不再存在,而取代了新零售业。

EN: Only by combining online and offline operations will new retail come into being.”
ZH_REF: 线上线下和物流结合在一起，才会产生新零售。”
ZH_HYP: 只有将在线和脱线业务结合起来,新零售业才会出现。

EN: In an instant, it was as if the words “new retail” took on magical properties, and became the new catchphrase of industry insiders.
ZH_REF: 一时间，“新零售”三个字如同被施了魔法，被业界人士频频挂在嘴边。
ZH_HYP: 在瞬间,这就好像“新零售””的字样,并成为了业内人士的新的。

EN: So what is “new retail” exactly?
ZH_REF: 但是，“新零售”究竟是什么意思？
ZH_HYP: 那么,“新零售”到底是什么?

EN: If it merely referred to online-offline integration, then the concept is nothing new.
ZH_REF: 如果只是指线上与线下相结合，那么这个概念并不新奇。
ZH_HYP: 如果它仅仅提到在线线,那么概念就没有什么新鲜事。

EN: In 2016, eMarketer, after tracking 180 of the largest e-commerce firms, estimated that total sales of e-commerce firms amounted to approximately US$200 billion, of which the largest 25 accounted for more than US$159 billion;
ZH_REF: 2016年，eMarketer跟踪了180家最大的电商之后估计，电商总销售额约为2000亿美元，而其中最大的25家占到了1590多亿美元。
ZH_HYP: 2016年,emarketer跟踪了最大电子商务公司的180家,估计电子商务公司的总额约为2000亿美元,其中最大的25亿美元;201

EN: and of these 25, 18 were traditional retailers that had only begun online operations in the preceding five years (such as Macy’s, Nordstrom, Target and Gap).
ZH_REF: 在这25家之中，有18家都是在过去五年才开始经营线上的传统零售商（比如梅西百货, Nordstrom, Target, Gap等）。
ZH_HYP: 在这25岁的,18名是传统的零售商,在过去五年中开始开始在线业务(如梅西公司、nordstrom、目标和差距)。

EN: Indeed, Alibaba Group's RMB28.3 billion acquisition of an equity stake in Suning Commerce Group was still fresh in the minds of the public.
ZH_REF: 而阿里巴巴集团283亿元入股苏宁云商，也还历历在目。
ZH_HYP: 事实上,阿里巴巴集团在宁商业集团的股权仍在公众的脑海中仍在新鲜。

EN: From a global perspective, both retailers and e-commerce firms are transforming from a single channel to a multi-channel retail system that encompasses physical stores, e-commerce, mobile terminals and social media.
ZH_REF: 从全球范围看，零售商和电商都在从单一渠道转向覆盖实体店、电商、移动端和社会化媒体的全渠道零售体系。
ZH_HYP: 从全球角度来看,零售商和电子商务公司都从单一渠道转变为一个多通道零售系统,其中包括有形商店、电子商务、流动终端和社交媒体。

EN: Could Jack Ma’s “new retail” be more of a conclusion rather than a forecast for the future?
ZH_REF: 难道马云提“新零售”，更多的是一种总结而非对未来的展望？
ZH_HYP: 马云的“新零售”是否更是一个结论吗?

EN: If not, then what is the difference between the multi-channel concept and “new retail”?
ZH_REF: 如果不是，那么全渠道的概念，与“新零售”究竟有何区别？
ZH_HYP: 如果不是,那么多渠道概念和“新零售”之间有什么区别?

EN: Perhaps, the crux of the matter is not whether online and offline entities would integrate, but how.
ZH_REF: 或许，问题的关键不是线上与线下会不会融合，而是怎么融合。
ZH_HYP: 也许,问题的关键在于网上和离线实体整合,而是如何。

EN: A review of the retail sector in the last 20 years has revealed that the rise of e-commerce was similar to the emergence of discount retailers many years ago; both were focused on price and convenience.
ZH_REF: 回顾零售业过去的20年，电商的崛起如同早年折扣零售商的兴起，都侧重于价格和便利。
ZH_HYP: 过去20年对零售业的审查表明,电子商务的兴起与零售商的出现相似;这都集中在价格和方便。

EN: On the basis of these two trigger points, e-commerce firms moved highly standardized products, such as books and CDs, online from offline.
ZH_REF: 依靠这两个痛点，电商把标准化程度非常高的产品，例如图书和CD，从线下移到了线上。
ZH_HYP: 在这两个触发点,电子商务公司的产品在离线上的了非常标准化的产品,如书籍和cds。

EN: As online retail habits formed, and customer experience continued to rise, e-commerce firms further extended their scope to other product categories, and began to increase efficiency.
ZH_REF: 随着线上消费习惯的养成以及客户体验的不断提高，电商又将触角伸到了其他品类，并开始提升效率。
ZH_HYP: 随着在线零售习惯形成,客户体验不断上升,电子商务公司将范围进一步扩大到其他产品类别,并开始提高效率。

EN: Thus, the path of e-commerce firms is asset-light on the surface, but asset-heavy in reality.
ZH_REF: 因此电商的道路，是一条表面轻资产，实际重资产的道路。
ZH_HYP: 因此,电子商务企业的道路是资产的资产的资产。

EN: “Light” refers to fixed assets, headcount, management processes and other burdens that are less than that of traditional retailers; “heavy” refers to areas such as logistics and storage that require enormous investment.
ZH_REF: “轻”，指的是固定资产、人员配置、管理流程等负担没有传统零售业大；“重”，指的是在物流、仓储等方面需要巨大的投入。
ZH_HYP: "光"指的是固定资产、头、管理流程和其他负担;“重”是指需要大量投资的领域,例如需要大量投资的物流和储存。

EN: Changes in logistical methods ensured the efficiency of e-commerce firms.
ZH_REF: 物流方式的改变，保证了电商的高效率。
ZH_HYP: 后勤方法的变化确保了电子商务公司的效率。

EN: The Chinese Central Government’s official web portal reported that Premier Li Keqiang presided over the State Council executive meeting held on April 28, which was of the opinion that expanding domestic consumption was a key measure for stable growth and structural transformation.
ZH_REF: 据中国政府网消息，国务院总理李克强4月28日主持召开国务院常务会议，会议认为，扩大国内消费需求是稳增长、调结构的重要举措。
ZH_HYP: 中央政府的官方门户网站报告说,李克强总理主持了28日国务院国务院执行会议,认为认为,扩大国内消费是稳定增长和结构转型的关键措施。

EN: The meeting determined that relevant departments should promptly put forward specific plans on the basis of scientific evaluation.
ZH_REF: 会议确定，有关部门要在科学评估基础上抓紧拿出具体方案。
ZH_HYP: 会议确定,有关部门应及时提出具体计划。

EN: The import tariffs of some foreign goods for daily use for which domestic consumers have enormous demand will be lowered on a trial basis with effect from June this year, and tariff reductions will be extended to more goods over time.
ZH_REF: 对国内消费者需求大的部分国外日用消费品，于今年6月底前开展降低进口关税试点，逐步扩大降税商品范围；
ZH_HYP: 一些外国货物的进口关税将从今年6月开始,将在审判时将降低关税,关税将随着时间的推移而扩大到更多的货物。

EN: Together with the tax reform, consumption tax policies for general consumer goods such as clothing and cosmetics will be optimized, with overall adjustments made to the scope of taxation, tax rates, and the different parts of the taxation process.
ZH_REF: 结合税制改革，完善服饰、化妆品等大众消费品的消费税政策，统筹调整征税范围、税率和征收环节；
ZH_HYP: 同时,消费消费消费消费消费消费消费政策,对税收的范围、税率和税收进程的不同部分进行总体调整。

EN: More port of entry duty-free shops will be set up and restored, and the variety of duty-free goods will be expanded appropriately, with the value of duty-free shopping increased by a certain amount so that domestic consumers would find it convenient to purchase foreign products in China.
ZH_REF: 增设和恢复口岸进境免税店，合理扩大免税品种，增加一定数量的免税购物额，方便国内消费者在境内购买国外产品；
ZH_HYP: 将建立和免税商品的免税商品的数量增加,免税商品的价值增加一定数量,使国内消费者在中国购买国外产品。

EN: Shopping and customs clearance, as well as tax refund for foreign tourists would expedited, and the requirement for voluntary tax declaration of imported goods shall be strictly implemented according to the law.
ZH_REF: 进一步推进境外旅客购物通关和退税便利化，严格落实进境物品依法主动申报纳税要求。
ZH_HYP: 对外国旅游者的购物、海关和退税,加快,进口货物的申报规定必须依法严格执行。

EN: Policies that support the inspection and quarantine of cross-border e-commerce imports shall be formulated, and unreasonable fees pertaining to imports shall be put in order.
ZH_REF: 制定支持跨境电商进口的检验检疫政策，清理进口环节不合理收费；
ZH_HYP: 制定支持对跨境电子商务进口的检验检疫的政策,并对进口的不合理的收费。

EN: The program to promote the brands of Chinese products shall be accelerated, the development of physical stores supported, and online-offline interaction achieved.
ZH_REF: 加快推进中国产品品牌提升工程，支持实体店发展，实现线上线下互动。
ZH_HYP: 加快推广中国产品品牌的,发展实物商品的开发,以及在线机线互动.

EN: Market order shall be normalized, and strong measures shall be taken to crack down on counterfeit and shoddy products so that the survival of the fittest will be advanced.
ZH_REF: 规范市场秩序，严打假冒伪劣，促进优胜劣汰。
ZH_HYP: 市场秩序正常,采取采取有力措施,打击假冒伪劣产品,使适生存亡的生存。

EN: Consumers will be able to shop without having to go far, with comfort and ease of mind, and convenience.
ZH_REF: 让消费者能就近舒心、便捷购物。
ZH_HYP: 消费者可以在不用去,不用去,,舒适,方便。

EN: BlackBerry mobile phones have never been known to wow the crowd with their hardware, but pressure from competition has meant that it has to offer a presentable model. Hence, the Passport was launched last September.
ZH_REF: BlackBerry（黑莓）手机一直以来都不以硬件取胜，然而面对同行排挤总得有款像样的，于是就有了这个去年9月发布的Passport。
ZH_HYP: 黑莓手机从来没有知道他们的硬件,但竞争的压力意味着意味着它必须提供一个可的模式。因此,护照9月推出了护照。

EN: SONY would often launch various black technology products. For instance, this flagship-class 4K ultra short throw projector it launched at the beginning of the year was one such example.
ZH_REF: SONY（索尼）时常会有各种黑科技产品推出，比如在年初发布的这款旗舰级的4K反射型超短焦头一机就是其中之一。
ZH_HYP: 索尼将推出各种黑技术产品,例如,今年初推出的旗舰4k超短投投投投影机。

EN: Naturally, such a high-end, classy, top-grade product comes with a hefty price tag as well. At JPY5 million, equivalent to approximately RMB250,000, it would be enough to buy a car.
ZH_REF: 当然如此高端大气上档次的产品售价自然也是不菲，500万日元大概相当于25万人民币，买辆车都够了。
ZH_HYP: 当然,这种高端、高档产品的高档产品也有了巨大的价格标签,在500万人民币,相当于25万人民币,这足以买一辆汽车。

EN: Big screen luxury TVs have always been the hallmark of technological competence of manufacturers. The multiple award winning LG 77-inch curved OLED 4K Smart TV is a classic example of this type of products.
ZH_REF: 大尺寸奢华电视一直是各大厂商技术实力的代表，此次拿奖拿到手软的LG带来的77英寸曲面4K OLED电视就是此类产品的典型。
ZH_HYP: 大屏电视一直是制造商技术能力的标志。lg77-英寸的的高英语的4k智能电视是这种产品的经典例子。

EN: This is not merely a simple fixed angle curved screen TV, but a complex device that allows the user to adjust the curvature according to the user’s position!
ZH_REF: 这不仅仅是简单的固定角度曲面电视，而是为用户打造了一个允许自己根据位置调整曲率的复杂装置！
ZH_HYP: 这不仅仅是一个简单的固定的角度,弯曲的电视,而是一个复杂的设备,用户可以根据用户的位置调整曲率!

EN: Based on its 9mm ultra thin display screen, LG has made the curvature of the entire screen difficult to detect with the naked eye, thus achieving maximum variation for a maximum 4000R curvature.
ZH_REF: 依托9mm的超薄显示面板，LG让整个平板的变形是肉眼很难发觉的，从而实现最大曲率4000R的最大变量。
ZH_HYP: 基于其9毫米超薄显示屏,lg使整个屏幕的曲率难以用光,从而最大限度地实现最大的4000r曲率。

EN: Simply press the remote control, and the best angle of the 77-inch screen will move as the user wishes, making it suitable for any viewing scene.
ZH_REF: 用户只需要舒舒服服按动遥控器，就可以让77英寸屏幕的最佳视角随心而动，让它适合任意一个观赏场景。
ZH_HYP: 简单地按远程控制,777英寸屏幕的最佳角度,移动,使它适合任何观看场景。

EN: Leica’s position in the field of cameras is well known. This Leica T mirrorless camera, launched last year, uses the brand new T mount as the lens mount for the Leica mirrorless camera.
ZH_REF: Leica（徕卡）在相机领域中的地位自不必多言，这款徕卡T微单是去年发布的产品，启用了全新的T卡口作为徕卡微单的镜头卡口。
ZH_HYP: 莱卡在摄像领域的位置众所周知,这是去年推出的“镜头”镜头,镜头,镜头。

EN: In addition to the T mount 23mm fixed and 18-56 zoom lenses launched at the same time, the M-Adapter T allows users of the Leica M series of lenses to attach and use the camera as well.
ZH_REF: 除了同期发布的T卡口23mm定焦和18-56mm变焦两支镜头外，还能通过M-Adapter T转接环使用徕卡M系列镜头。
ZH_HYP: 除了t23毫米的固定和18-56型镜头外,m-m-m配器允许llicam系列的用户也可以使用摄像机。

EN: Triumph has accurately grasped the crux of these issues, and developed the new Magic Wire bra.
ZH_REF: Triumph（黛安芬）准确地抓住了这一问题所在关键之处，研发出新型Magic Wire内衣。
ZH_HYP: 胜利准确地把握了这些问题的关键所在,并开发出新的魔术胸罩.

EN: Using silicone, which offers good support, as the underwire, users not only enjoy the comfort of wire-free bras, but also the all-round support of traditional underwired bras.
ZH_REF: 由于采用了具有良好支撑性的硅胶树脂材料作为内衣圈托，使穿着者不仅享受到无钢圈内衣的舒适感，还获得了如钢圈内衣般的全方位支撑。
ZH_HYP: 使用硅酮,作为提供良好的支持,用户不仅能享受到无电感的胸罩,而且还能享受传统的底层的双管。

EN: It also comes with a built-in mesh stabilizer that provides more support so that the bra is a perfect fit. It also gives the wearer a cleavage.
ZH_REF: 再辅以提供更多支撑力的内置网格稳定网，从而实现了内衣的完美贴合，塑造丰满的胸部线条。
ZH_HYP: 它还以一种内的网状的稳定器提供了更多的支持,使胸罩是完美的,也给佩戴者提供了一个的。

EN: LG’s home appliances have relatively distinct features these days. RoboSense technology is this CordZero C5 vacuum cleaner’s main feature.
ZH_REF: 如今LG的家电都相当有特色，这款CordZero C5吸尘器主打无线追踪功能。
ZH_HYP: 这些天,lg的家用电器具有相对独特的特点,罗罗斯技术是这种cordzeroc5真空吸尘器的主要特点。

EN: The vacuum cleaner is itself a credible machine with maximum suction power of 200 watts. The KOMPRESSER dust compressor technology can compress dust into blocks preventing dust from flying about.
ZH_REF: 吸尘器本身也不含糊，最高提供200瓦吸力，还有个KOMPRESSER集尘压缩技术，能将灰尘聚合为灰块，解决扬尘问题。
ZH_HYP: 真空吸尘器本身是一个具有200瓦特的最大吸力的机械,可将粉尘压缩成粉尘,防止灰尘飞扬。

EN: The 6500QL has adopted a brand new design concept while maintaining the excellent quality that is customary of 3M products.
ZH_REF: 6500QL保持3M产品的一贯的优良品质基础上，采用全新的设计理念。
ZH_HYP: 6500ql公司采用了品牌的设计理念,同时保持着300万产品的优良品质。

EN: Its unique cool flow valve can efficiently discharge hot and damp exhaled breath from inside the respirator, allowing easier breathing for users.
ZH_REF: 独有的冷流呼气阀，可高效排出面罩内部湿热呼气，让用户呼吸更为畅快。
ZH_HYP: 它独特的凉流阀可以有效地排出呼吸,,呼吸呼吸呼吸器内的呼吸,使用户容易呼吸。

EN: The all-new quick latch design allows for swift donning and doffing of the respirator with one hand, making it convenient for users who need to don and doff their respirators frequently.
ZH_REF: 全新的快扣设计可实现迅速单手脱戴，方便了需要频繁脱戴面罩的用户。
ZH_HYP: 所有新的快速锁定设计可以迅速地迅速地和和呼吸器,使方便用户经常使用呼吸器。

EN: A bayonet-style connection may be found on both sides of the respirator to which 3M’s particulate filters and organic vapor cartridges may be connected. Together with the respirator, these can effectively withstand various contaminants in a heavily polluted environment.
ZH_REF: 面罩两侧带有卡口式设计，可装配3M的滤棉及滤毒盒使用，在与面罩的共同作用下可有效抵挡高污染环境下多种有害物质。
ZH_HYP: 在呼吸器的两侧,可以找到一个刺刀和有机有机气筒的连接,3米的微粒过滤器和有机气筒可以与呼吸器一起,这些可有效地在受污染污染的

EN: As a kitchen helper, Intra Eligo has done its best.
ZH_REF: 作为厨房生活的帮手，Intra Eligo已经尽力了。
ZH_HYP: 作为一个厨房帮手,他的了最好的。

EN: Nespressor has introduced this reusable capsule made of stainless steel for medical use, which allows the user to easily open and stuff the capsule with coffee powder. After stuffing, close the capsule. Coffee may now be brewed.
ZH_REF: Nespresso提出了这种医用不锈钢打造的可重复使用胶囊，轻松开启填充咖啡粉，封闭后进行萃取。
ZH_HYP: nespressor介绍了用不锈钢制成的可用的胶囊,使使用者可以轻松打开和装满咖啡胶囊。

EN: This daring design has successfully transformed a sensitive medical issue into one that is acceptable by every woman.
ZH_REF: 这样大胆的设计，成功的将一个敏感的医学问题变得让每个女性都可以欣然接受。
ZH_HYP: 这种大胆的设计成功地将敏感的医疗问题转变为一个。

EN: This model is an improvement over Volvo’s existing safety performance. It carries the latest intersection auto brake system as well as run-off road protection system.
ZH_REF: 该车型在沃尔沃原有的安全性能方面更进一步，搭载了最新的交叉路口自动刹车系统以及道路偏离保护系统。
ZH_HYP: 该模型是沃尔沃现有安全性能的改进,它采用了最新的交叉口制动系统以及径流保护系统。

EN: Its central touchscreen control panel coupled with Apple Carplay or Android Auto are also further advancement in smart performance.
ZH_REF: 触摸式一体中控平台加上Apple Carplay或者Android Auto在智能性方面也是更进一筹。
ZH_HYP: 它的中央触摸屏控制板与苹果的或安卓汽车的在智能性能方面也有进一步的进步.

EN: The luxury seven-seater comes with a four-cylinder Drive-E engine is expected to be the choice of many business people.
ZH_REF: 豪华七座的车内配置加上强大的四缸Drive-E发动机，应该是不少商务人士的选择。
ZH_HYP: 豪华7式的四缸驱动器将是许多商业人士的选择。

EN: Sold at price starting from RMB828,000, it may be ordered at 4S stores now.
ZH_REF: 国内售价828,000起，已经可以在4S店订购啦。
ZH_HYP: 从828000元起,现在可以在4s商店订购。

EN: As the sole selected Best of the Best product from China, China Airlines’ Premium Business Class cabin design is attractive.
ZH_REF: 作为这次中国入选Best of the Best的唯一产品，中华航空的这个豪华商务舱设计颇为亮眼。
ZH_HYP: 作为中国最好的产品,中国的航空业舱舱舱舱设计是很有吸引力的。

EN: Various interior design elements, such as the recreational space, lavatory layout, and seat design are integrated, affording high-end travellers an unforgettable flight experience.
ZH_REF: 各种室内设计因素，诸如休闲空间、厕所布置，座位设计等融为一体，将会给高端客人一个难忘的飞行体验。
ZH_HYP: 各种室内设计元素,如娱乐空间、空间、、设计,设计,为高端旅客提供了一次难忘的飞行经验。

EN: Apple Watch finally made its debut at Apple’s Spring conference this March.
ZH_REF: 在今年3月份的Apple（苹果）春季发布会上，Apple Watch终于和大家正式见面。
ZH_HYP: 苹果公司的今年3月的春季会议上登出了首创亮相。

EN: With a stainless steel case, sapphire crystal glass panel (Ion-X glass for its sports model), it supports an IPX7 rating for water resistance. The watch comes with an in-built heart rate monitor, and uses wireless charging technology.
ZH_REF: 其采用全金属机身，蓝宝石表镜（Sport版为Ion-X玻璃），可支持IPX7级别的生活防水，内置心率计，采用无线充电技术。
ZH_HYP: 使用不锈钢箱,蓝宝石玻璃板(离子-x玻璃)),它支持ipx7的耐水性,并使用了一种的心率监测器,并使用无线收费技术。

EN: Independent watchmaking concept laboratory MB&F has assembled a team of watchmaking professionals and artists who view the designing and creation of radical timepieces as their mission.
ZH_REF: 独立制表概念实验室MB&F集合了一大群钟表专家和艺术圈人士，以全力设计和打造各种突破传统概念的机械钟表为己任。
ZH_HYP: 独立的观赏概念实验室mb&f组装了一个专业人员和艺术家,他们认为他们的任务是设计和创作。

EN: On January 18, Alibaba held an e-commerce poverty eradication summit in Chongqing, and announced that it would explore a new “Internet + Poverty eradication” model to help spur measures targeted at eradicating poverty and revitalize the rural economy.
ZH_REF: 1月18日，阿里巴巴在重庆召开电商脱贫高峰对话会，宣布通过探索“互联网+脱贫”新模式，助推精准脱贫和乡村振兴。
ZH_HYP: 1月18日,阿里巴巴在重庆举行了一次电子商务消除贫困峰会,并宣布将探讨新的“互联网+消灭贫穷”模式,以帮助消除贫困和振兴农村经济。

EN: This follows Alibaba’s rural strategy, launch of the Rural Taobao program, online rural revitalization and poverty relief platform, as well as the founding of the Alibaba Poverty Relief Fund, and is a step-up commitment by Alibaba toward combating poverty.
ZH_REF: 这是继提出乡村战略、启动农村淘宝项目、上线兴农扶贫平台、成立阿里巴巴脱贫基金之后，阿里对脱贫攻坚的再次“加码”。
ZH_HYP: 阿里巴巴的农村战略,推出了农村淘宝计划、农村淘宝计划、在线农村恢复和贫困救济平台,以及阿里巴巴贫困的的承诺。

EN: Combating and eradicating poverty is presently one of China’s key national strategies.
ZH_REF: 脱贫攻坚是当下中国最重要的国家战略之一。
ZH_HYP: 消除贫困目前是中国的关键战略之一。

EN: Complete eradication of poverty is unprecedented in the history of China.
ZH_REF: 全面脱贫在中国过去几千年来从未实现过。
ZH_HYP: 中国的历史上是前所未有的。

EN: “Poverty relief via e-commerce is a new round of innovative measures aimed at poverty relief and development. It is an important means to achieve measures targeted at poverty relief and eradication.
ZH_REF: “电商扶贫是新一轮扶贫开发的创新举措，是实现精准扶贫、精准脱贫的重要抓手。
ZH_HYP: "通过电子商务扶贫是新一轮的创新措施,是实现扶贫和消除贫困的措施的重要手段。

EN: The Central government very concerned with this issue and has indicated that the Internet can play a part in helping to combat poverty, advance measures targeted at poverty relief and eradication, as well as allow agricultural products to be sold outside the countryside via the Internet.”
ZH_REF: 中央高度重视并指出，可以发挥互联网在助推脱贫攻坚中的作用，推进精准扶贫、精准脱贫，让农产品通过互联网走出乡村。”
ZH_HYP: 中央政府对这个问题表示关注,并表示,互联网可以在帮助消除贫困、推进针对贫困和消除贫困的措施,以及允许农产品在农村以外的农产品。

EN: As such, Alibaba had proposed a rural strategy as far back as 2014, which together with big data cloud computing and globalization are its three major core strategies for the next 20 years.
ZH_REF: 因此，阿里早在2014年就提出了乡村战略，跟大数据云计算和全球化并列为阿里未来20年三大核心战略。
ZH_HYP: 因此,阿里巴巴在2014年就提出了一项农村战略,该战略与大数据云计算和全球化是未来20年的三大核心战略。

EN: In the same year, Alibaba launched the Rural Taobao program, recruiting “village partners” to help lift villagers out of poverty and move toward affluence by way of e-commerce.
ZH_REF: 同年，阿里启动了农村淘宝（村淘）项目，在乡村招募“村小二”，带领农民通过电商脱贫致富。
ZH_HYP: 同年,阿里巴巴启动了淘宝计划,招募了“村合作伙伴”,帮助村民摆脱贫困,并通过电子商务向富裕。

EN: In 2017, Alibaba worked together with the Ministry of Commerce to create a rural revitalization and poverty relief channel that is now connected to a total of 13 provinces and 120 national level poverty-stricken counties.
ZH_REF: 2017年，阿里跟商务部门合作打造兴农扶贫频道，目前累计对接全国13个省份，120个国家级贫困县。
ZH_HYP: 2017年,阿里巴巴与商务部合作,建立了一个农村振兴和贫困救济渠道,目前与13个省和120个国家贫困县相连接。

EN: The Alibaba platform has incubated 2118 Taobao Villages,
ZH_REF: 阿里平台催生的淘宝村，已经有2118个。
ZH_HYP: alibaa平台已2118个淘宝村,

EN: of which close to 400 have emerged in poverty-stricken counties of various provinces, and 33 in 13 poverty-stricken provinces.
ZH_REF: 其中，接近400个出现在省贫困县，33个出现在13个国家贫困县。
ZH_HYP: 其中各省贫困县已出现近400个,33个贫困省份33个。

EN: In 2017, at Alibaba’s China retail platform, nationwide sales of Taobao Villages amounted to RMB120 billion.
ZH_REF: 2017年，在阿里巴巴中国零售平台上，全国淘宝村销售额达到1200亿元。
ZH_HYP: 2017年,在阿里巴巴的中国零售平台上,全国范围内的淘宝村的销售额达到1200亿元人民币。

EN: Daniel Zhang said that confronted with the national strategy to combat poverty, Alibaba has been thinking about how it could effectively use the technology, big data, cloud computing and other innovative competencies within the Alibaba economy to help develop a new path for poverty eradication.
ZH_REF: 张勇表示，面对脱贫攻坚的国家战略，阿里一直在思考如何用好阿里经济体的科技、大数据、云计算等创新能力，为脱贫走出一条新路来。
ZH_HYP: 张说,在面对国家消除贫困的国家战略时,阿里巴巴一直在考虑阿里巴巴经济的技术、数据、云计算和其他创新能力,帮助发展消除贫困的新途径。

EN: Rural Taobao, in particular, is a major platform to help eradicate poverty via e-commerce, and has opened up a new online direct supply and sales link to help eradicate poverty.
ZH_REF: 其中，村淘是阿里电商脱贫的主要承载平台，并走通了一条直供直销的互联网脱贫新链路。
ZH_HYP: 特别是农村淘宝是一个重要的平台,通过电子商务消除贫困,并建立了一个新的在线直接供应和销售联系。

EN: At planting phase, Rural Taobao and Ant Financial Services have jointly offered means to acquire agricultural resources and tools as well as obtain micro-loans.
ZH_REF: 在种植环节，村淘和蚂蚁金服联合开展农资农具和小额贷款支持。
ZH_HYP: 在农村淘宝和蚁蚁金融业共同提供了资源和工具,获得小额贷款。

EN: In 2017, of the 832 national-level poverty-stricken counties, 795 were served by Ant Financial Services, which provided convenient payments, credit and other relevant services.
ZH_REF: 2017年，在832个国家级贫困县中，蚂蚁金服服务了795个，为其提供便捷的支付、信贷等服务。
ZH_HYP: 2017年,在全国832个国家级贫困县中,795个国家提供了安顿金融服务,提供了方便的、信贷和其他相关服务。

EN: Cainiao helped with warehousing and logistics, while Tmall was responsible for selling. Alibaba Cloud’s big data provided feedback and guidance on agricultural production, further raising the supply standards, quality and market competitiveness of the agricultural produce.
ZH_REF: 菜鸟解决仓储和物流，天猫负责销售，阿里云的大数据反哺指导农业生产，进一步提高农产品的供应标准、品质和市场竞争力。
ZH_HYP: 凯西在仓储和物流方面帮助了,而塔巴巴的负责销售。阿里巴巴的的数据提供了农业生产的反馈和指导,进一步提高了农产品的供应标准、质量和市场竞争力

EN: The growth in poverty eradication via e-commerce not only requires products, sales channels and industry planning, it also requires talent.
ZH_REF: 电商脱贫的发展，不仅需要产品、销售通道、产业规划，同时还需要人才。
ZH_HYP: 通过电子商务消除贫穷的增长不仅需要产品、销售渠道和行业规划,也需要有才能。

EN: By way of the e-commerce courses conducted by Taobao University, Alibaba teaches farmers standardized, quality and large-scale methods of cultivation, achieving a combination of “Poverty relief + Knowledge support” so that poverty eradication among farmers is sustainable.
ZH_REF: 阿里通过淘宝大学开设电商课程，给农民传授标准化、品质化和规模化种植方法，实现了“扶贫+扶心智”相结合，让农民可持续脱贫。
ZH_HYP: 通过淘宝大学举办的电子商务课程,阿里巴巴教农民的标准化、质量和大规模的耕种方法,实现了农民的消除贫穷。

EN: These courses have already reached approximately 92% of national-level poverty-stricken counties.
ZH_REF: 这些课程已经覆盖约92%的国家级贫困县。
ZH_HYP: 这些课程已达到了92%的国家贫困县。

EN: The “philanthropic mentality, commercial means” poverty eradication thinking can also ensure that Alibaba will “genuinely perform poverty relief” when carrying out poverty relief activities.
ZH_REF: 而“公益心态、商业手段”的脱贫思路，还能保障阿里在扶贫时做到“真扶贫”。
ZH_HYP: “慈善思维、商业手段”消除贫困思想也能确保阿里巴巴在开展扶贫救济活动时真正“真正”。

EN: Alibaba Chairman Jack Ma once said that eradicating poverty should be divided into three phases - poverty relief, poverty eradication and becoming affluent.
ZH_REF: 阿里巴巴董事局主席马云曾表示，消除贫困应该分成扶贫、脱贫和致富三个阶段。
ZH_HYP: 阿里巴巴主席马云曾说,消除贫困应该分为三个阶段,即贫困、消除贫困和成为富裕。

EN: Poverty relief is to give someone a fish; poverty eradication is to teach someone to fish; and becoming affluent is to build a “fish pond” for farmers so that farmers can breed fish.
ZH_REF: 扶贫是授人以鱼，脱贫是授人以渔，致富是给农民造一个“鱼塘”，让农民有鱼可养。
ZH_HYP: 贫困是为了给某人提供一条鱼;消除贫困就是要给人的鱼,这样农民可以养鱼。

EN: Poverty relief through industry development led by e-commerce is building that fish pond.
ZH_REF: 电商带动的产业扶贫，就是造鱼塘。
ZH_HYP: 通过电子商务的发展,是建设鱼塘的建设。

EN: In terms of poverty relief through industry development, Alibaba has partnered Luochuan County in Shaanxi Province to create a Luochuan apple poverty relief through industry development model, which has been replicated and promoted nationwide as a model by relevant departments.
ZH_REF: 在产业扶贫上，阿里跟陕西洛川合作打造的洛川苹果产业扶贫模式，已经被有关部门当作范例在全国复制推广。
ZH_HYP: 在通过工业发展扶贫开发,阿里巴巴通过产业发展模式建立了洛川县,通过产业发展模式,推广了全国范围内的扶贫开发。

EN: Alibaba’s poverty relief via e-commerce initiatives have also won the recognition of decision makers.
ZH_REF: 阿里电商扶贫工作也得到了决策层的认可。
ZH_HYP: 阿里巴巴通过电子商务举措获得了决策者的认可。

EN: E-commerce firms, represented by Alibaba, have been given the message that farmers would see an increase in production and income with the help of online and offline channels.
ZH_REF: 以阿里巴巴为代表的电商企业曾被寄语，通过线上线下渠道，确保农民增产增收。
ZH_HYP: 由阿里巴巴代表的电子商务公司发出了信息,即农民将在网上和离线渠道的帮助下增加。

EN: Some village partners and Ant Financial staff have also been invited to the United Nations and Africa to share their poverty relief via e-commerce experience.
ZH_REF: 一些村小二和蚂蚁金服员工，还被邀请到联合国和非洲，分享电商脱贫的经验。
ZH_HYP: 一些村庄伙伴和蚁蚁财务工作人员也应邀参加联合国和非洲,通过电子商务经验分享其贫穷。

EN: Currently, the China office of The United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) has already partnered Rural Taobao in implementing a poverty relief through industry development program in Anhui and other areas.
ZH_REF: 目前，联合国世界粮食计划署中国办公室已经跟村淘一起，在安徽等地开展电商产业扶贫。
ZH_HYP: 目前,中国世界粮食计划署(粮食计划署)已经在安徽和其他地区实施了工业发展方案,实施了贫困的工作。

EN: She believed that our globalization had in fact ignored the most fundamental issues, i.e., those related to the essence and form of globalization, as well as issues associated with phases of globalization.
ZH_REF: 她认为我们全球化其实忽略了最重要的问题，就是全球化的体与用的问题，还有全球化的阶段问题。
ZH_HYP: 她认为,我们的全球化实际上忽略了最根本的问题,即全球化全球化的实质和形式以及全球化阶段有关的问题。

EN: As a result, many believed that globalization has stagnated. Moreover, in the new phase, many developed and developing countries hold different attitudes toward globalization and its pattern.
ZH_REF: 这样子很多人认为全球化停滞了，而且很多发达国家和发展中国家，在新的阶段里面他们对全球化的态度不一样，是对模式的不一样。
ZH_HYP: 因此,许多人认为全球化停滞不前,而且在新阶段,许多发达国家和发展中国家对全球化及其格局持不同的态度。

EN: The second concept is concerned with issues related to the intermediate phase of globalization. What constrains the intermediate phase of globalization?
ZH_REF: 第二个概念就是全球化中期阶段的问题，全球化的中期阶段受什么制约呢？
ZH_HYP: 第二个概念涉及全球化全球化的阶段,全球化的中间阶段?

EN: The reason why globalization is constrained by the economic environment and fundamentals is precisely because changing economic fundamentals have led to constraints on globalization.
ZH_REF: 受经济环境基础的制约，正是因为经济基础发生了变化全球化才发生了制约。
ZH_HYP: 全球化受到经济环境和基本面的制约,恰恰是因为经济基本面貌已经导致全球化的制约。

EN: Zhang Li believed that adjustments to the global economy have generally come to an end at the end of 2017. A new growth phase, will begin in 2018, and growth will be driven by producer goods.
ZH_REF: 张莉认为，2017年底全球经济调整基本上结束，2018年之后将进入新一轮增长期，下一轮增长一定是生产品拉动。
ZH_HYP: 张力认为,2017年底,全球经济的调整将结束,2018年将开始增长,增长将由生产者的产品推动。

EN: JD’s first fresh food supermarket 7FRESH officially opened for business recently, and plans to set up more than 1,000 stores nationwide in three to five years.
ZH_REF: 京东首家生鲜超市7FRESH近日正式开业，计划未来3到5年在全国铺设超过1000家门店。
ZH_HYP: jd的第一个新鲜食品超市7新鲜的食品市场,并计划在全国范围内设立1000多家商店。

EN: The fresh food supermarket war has escalated, and have become a phenomenal topic in the new retail sector. Just what is new in new retail?
ZH_REF: 生鲜超市争夺战升级，已经成为新零售领域的现象级话题，新零售到底新在哪？
ZH_HYP: 新的食品超市战争升级,成为新零售业的一个惊人话题。

EN: “We will rapidly expand nationwide in 2018, and will open a large number of stores in Beijing, Shanghai and Hangzhou before the Spring Festival,”
ZH_REF: “2018年我们会快速进入全国，春节前在北京、上海、杭州会开出一大堆的店。”
ZH_HYP: “我们将在2018年在全国范围内迅速扩张,在春节前,在北京、上海和杭州开大量的商店。

EN: Hema Supermarket CEO Hou Yi revealed the company’s new approach for 2018 at the 2nd New Retail Summit on the 10th.
ZH_REF: 盒马鲜生CEO侯毅10日在第二届新零售峰会上透露了2018年的“新打法”。
ZH_HYP: 赫马超市首席执行官侯易羿在第2次新零售峰会上透露了该公司的新方法。

EN: “With effect from 2018, Hema will not merely be a fresh produce e-commerce firm; rather, we will be a general household goods and grocery e-commerce firm that meets consumers’ requirement for prompt delivery service.
ZH_REF: “从2018年开始，盒马不单单是一家生鲜电商，而是满足消费者即时服务的生活品类电商。
ZH_HYP: “自2018年起,赫马不仅是一家新的电子商务公司,而是一家一般的家庭用品和食品店,满足消费者要求迅速提供服务的要求。

EN: The core model calls for conduction and experience in offline stores, while genuine sales are done online.”
ZH_REF: 核心模式线下是引流、体验，线上是真正的销售。”
ZH_HYP: 核心模型要求在离线商店的传导和经验。

EN: Both online e-commerce platforms and offline retail stores have their respective strengths and weaknesses, and consumers are present at various channels. Therefore, both parties are attempting the multi-channel model.
ZH_REF: 线上电商平台和线下零售商各有优缺点，消费者却是在多种渠道出现，所以双方都在尝试全渠道模式。
ZH_HYP: 网上电子商务平台和离线零售商都有各自的优势和弱点,消费者在各种渠道,因此,都在尝试多渠道模式。

EN: Industry insiders believe that against the general backdrop of consumption upgrading, more “Hema type” stores will be opened in 2018.
ZH_REF: 业内认为，在消费升级的大背景下，2018年“类盒马”的门店会越来越多。
ZH_HYP: 业内人士认为,在消费升级的总体背景下,2018年将开设更多的“赫马型”商店。

EN: Meanwhile, Hema has continued to widen its product scope, expanding from fresh foods initially into other consumer goods. This suggests that more innovation in the retail market will be forthcoming in the new year.
ZH_REF: 而盒马从最初的生鲜不断探索到更多消费领域，预示了在新的一年里，零售市场将出现更多创新。
ZH_HYP: 同时,赫马继续扩大产品范围,从最初的食品中扩大到其他消费品,这表明零售市场的创新将在新的一年中得到更多的创新。

EN: “For instance, the integrated online-offline business model has attracted consumer eyeballs. Fresh foods supermarkets that have opened across the country have been popular among and welcomed by the masses.”
ZH_REF: “比如线上线下结合的业务模式，吸引了消费者的眼球，各地开出的生鲜超市叫座又叫好。”
ZH_HYP: “例如,在线机业务模式吸引了消费者的眼球,在全国各地开设的新鲜食品市场已经受到群众欢迎。

EN: “Nonetheless, these relationships are useless regardless of how much you talk about them or how cool they are. At the end of the day, it’s all about whether or not you have given consumers a good experience. Only after I have had an experience would I be willing to foot the bill.”
ZH_REF: “但这些关系说得再多，再炫都没用，最后落实到你是不是给消费者带来了美好的体验，我体验好了才愿意买单。”
ZH_HYP: “不过,这些关系都是无用的,不管你谈论他们,还是他们的冷静,在这一天,,这一切都是你给消费者带来了好的经历。

EN: As far as RT-Mart’s feiniu.com CEO Yuan Bin is concerned, under the new retail environment, consumer habits have changed; and shopping requirements have changed as well.
ZH_REF: 在大润发飞牛网联席CEO袁彬看来，新零售环境下，消费者习惯改变了，购买需求也改变了。
ZH_HYP: 就rt-mart的eeeeeeoe的,在新的零售环境下,消费者习惯也发生了变化,购物需求也发生了变化。

EN: Originally, there was a clear demarcation between online and offline; offline wanted to defeat online, and online wanted to counter-attack offline. Now, on the other hand, it’s become a partnership, because consumers no longer see a difference between online and offline.
ZH_REF: 原来纯线上、线下是割裂的，线下要打败线上，线上要反攻线下，现在是一起牵手，因为消费者已经没有线上线下的区分了。
ZH_HYP: 最初,在线线和离线线之间有明确的界限;脱线想在网上打败,而在线在线则是为了打击线和离线之间的差别。

EN: Capital, competing for a slice of the pie, has made the retail market, represented by fresh food supermarkets, a powder keg.
ZH_REF: 资本的争相入局，让目前以生鲜超市为代表的新零售火药味十足。
ZH_HYP: 资本,在争夺一片馅饼,零售市场上,是一个的食品市场。

EN: Analysis shows that at present, new retail competition in Tier 1 cities is still a long way from a red ocean situation, and there is still plenty of Tier 2 cities yet to be explored. Enormous opportunities and potential exist in the market.
ZH_REF: 分析认为，目前新零售在一线城市的竞争还远未到红海的格局，而且还有大片的二线城市尚待挖掘，市场仍有很大机会和空间。
ZH_HYP: 分析表明,目前,第一城市的新零售竞争仍远,仍有大量的城市仍有待探索,市场存在着巨大的机遇和潜力。

EN: New retail plans proposed by different types of industries will lead new retail development into a state of diversified growth.
ZH_REF: 不同类型的行业对于新零售的布局，会将新零售的发展带入一个多元化的发展状态。
ZH_HYP: 不同类型产业提出的新零售计划将将成为多元化的增长。

EN: CCTV-2 and the National Academy of Economic Strategy, CASS have compiled a stack of dry goods, i.e., this weighty annual report on the development of the e-commerce industry in China.
ZH_REF: 央视财经频道联合中国社科院财经战略研究院，给大家梳理了一份干货，就是这份沉甸甸的中国电商年度发展报告。
ZH_HYP: 央视和国家经济战略学院,cass汇编了一份关于中国电子商务发展的的堆栈。

EN: What sort of report card did China’s e-commerce industry receive this year?
ZH_REF: 这一年来，中国电商出了一份怎样的成绩单？
ZH_HYP: 中国的电子商务行业今年收到了什么报告卡?

EN: What are the growth trends of the global e-commerce industry?
ZH_REF: 全球电商又都有哪些发展趋势？
ZH_HYP: 全球电子商务产业的增长趋势是什么?

EN: Let us reveal the results one by one.
ZH_REF: 我们来一一为大家揭晓。
ZH_HYP: 让我们以一个结果。

EN: Total sales volume set a new record while growth returned to the acceleration track
ZH_REF: 销售总量再破记录增速重回加速轨道
ZH_HYP: 销售量量创下了新的记录,而增长则恢复到加速轨道

EN: China’s online retail sales have been sky rocketing since 2006. This may be attributed to the fact that online shopping was still a very novel idea at the time. Shopping without leaving home; cool!
ZH_REF: 从2006年开始，我国网上零售额可以说一直呈现超高速增长，估计是那会儿觉得网购很新鲜，不出门也能买东西，太酷了！
ZH_HYP: 中国的在线零售额自2006年以来一直在天空中空,这可能是由于网上购物的新颖的想法。

EN: Since 2013 however, the online retail sales growth rate has decelerated from more than 50% to less than 40% for the first time in 2015; in 2016, the growth rate was 26.2%.
ZH_REF: 但从2013年开始，网上零售增速开始降至50%以下，2015年，增速首次低于40%，2016年增速居然变成了26.2%。
ZH_HYP: 然而,2013年以来,在线零售销售增长速度从50%降至2015年的40%以上;2016年,增长率为26.2%。

EN: The situation changed this year, however. Online retail sales accelerated again. For the first nine months of this year, growth rate rebounded to 34.2%,
ZH_REF: 但是今年情况就不一样了，网上零售额重新加速，今年1-9月份，增速回升至34.2 %。
ZH_HYP: 今年的情况今年出现了变化,今年今年的头9个月,增长率回升至34.2%,

EN: significantly higher than the growth rates seen in 2015 and 2016.
ZH_REF: 大大高于2015年、2016年的增长率。
ZH_HYP: 2015年和2016年的增长率显著高于增长。

EN: Perhaps shoppers took a detour but eventually realized that retail therapy does wonders for one’s mind and body.
ZH_REF: 可能大家在外兜兜转转一圈，发现还是买买买更让人身心愉悦。
ZH_HYP: 也许购物者会绕道,但最终最终意识到零售疗法对自己的心灵和身体都有奇迹。

EN: In particular, online retail sales of physical goods amounted to approximately RMB5.08 trillion, while online retail sales of services amounted to nearly RMB1.49 trillion.
ZH_REF: 其中，实物商品网上零售额近5.08万亿元，服务网上零售额近1.49万亿元。
ZH_HYP: 特别是,有形商品的零售额约为5.08万亿人民币,而在线零售额则达到1.49万亿人民币。

EN: This comprised 13.6% of total retail sales of consumer goods, up nearly 3 percentage points year-on-year.
ZH_REF: 在社会商品总零售额中占比达到13.6 %，同比提高近3个百分点。
ZH_HYP: 这包括消费品零售总额的13.6%,同比同年同期增长了3个百分点。

EN: Wake up, students. It’s time to highlight the key points. Online retail sales of services was definitely a major contributor!
ZH_REF: 同学们，别打瞌睡，划重点了，服务网上零售额绝对是一大功臣啊！
ZH_HYP: 学生们,,应该强调重点点的时候了。

EN: Elsewhere, per capita online shopping of French netizens who are obsessed with online shopping amounted to US$1,925. Goods they purchased online are primarily clothing, worthy of being called a nation of fashion lovers.
ZH_REF: 其次爱剁手的法国网民，人均网购额为1925美元，而他们网购最多的商品，是服装，不愧是爱时尚的国度。
ZH_HYP: 在其他地方,网上购物网上购物的网民网上购物的购物的购物的购物,为1,925美元。

EN: Who says those who love online shopping most must be young?
ZH_REF: 最爱网购的，一定是年轻人吗？
ZH_HYP: 谁说爱网上购物的人必须年轻?

EN: The start-ups that will help your company avoid becoming the next Uber
ZH_REF: 帮助您避免公司成为下一个优步的初创公司
ZH_HYP: 你的公司的初创企业避免成为下一个的

EN: Amy Errett wanted to gauge employee happiness at her e-commerce start-up, but surveys weren't working.
ZH_REF: 艾米·埃雷特曾经想在她的电子商务初创公司调查员工的幸福感，但调查没什么作用。
ZH_HYP: 艾米·埃雷特想在电子商务的初创调查,但调查并没有奏效。

EN: Responses were often vague, unhelpful or, worse, deceitful.
ZH_REF: 得到的回复往往都语焉不详，毫无助益，甚至更糟的是还有欺骗性的回复。
ZH_HYP: 反应往往模糊,,更糟,更糟。

EN: And even if she promised anonymity, some workers didn't trust the process.
ZH_REF: 即使她承诺采用匿名形式，但是有些员工仍然不信任这一过程。
ZH_HYP: 即使她答应了匿名,也没有相信这个过程。

EN: "It just never had consistency and objectivity," said Errett, who runs the 75-person San Francisco e-commerce hair care company Madison Reed.
ZH_REF: 埃雷特负责管理 75 人的旧金山电子商务护发公司 Madison Reed，她表示“得到的回复缺乏一致性和客观性”。
ZH_HYP: “这从未没有一致性和客观性,”他经营75人的旧金山电子商务发型公司。

EN: So she called in outsiders for help.
ZH_REF: 所以她打电话对外求助。
ZH_HYP: 所以她在外人求助。

EN: A new breed of human resources start-ups is cropping up to help companies figure out how their employees feel.
ZH_REF: 一批新的人力资源初创公司如雨后春笋般涌现，帮助公司了解员工的感受。
ZH_HYP: 新的人力资源初创企业正在逐步提升,以帮助公司员工们的感受。

EN: Errett said she gained more insight into what her employees were thinking and feeling in three years using Glint.
ZH_REF: 埃雷特表示在三年内，她用 Glint 获得了对员工想法和感受的更多见解。
ZH_HYP: 埃雷特说,她在三年中使用了闪光的想法和感觉。

EN: In addition to the snap surveys and polls of specific teams, it offers a heat map of the company showing at a glance which units have the most complaints and which managers have low approval scores - allowing her to drill down on why.
ZH_REF: 除了特定团队的快速调查和民意调查之外，Glint 还提供公司热图，哪些单位投诉最多，哪些经理批准分数低，一目了然 – 这让她能够深入了解原因。
ZH_HYP: 除了对特定的调查和调查,,它还提供了一份公司的热地图,说明哪些单位有最多的,哪些经理人的审批分低,让她能够对她进行调查。

EN: Companies are coming to realize they must stay on top of their workplace culture, lest they become the next Uber, which has been enmeshed in scandal since a former employee published a blog post describing an environment of harassment where those who spoke out were punished.
ZH_REF: 各家公司开始意识到他们必须熟练掌控公司的职场文化，以免成为下一个优步。优步前员工之前发表了一篇博客文章描述骚扰环境，这些发言者被公司惩罚，之后优步便陷入了丑闻。
ZH_HYP: 公司公司即将意识到他们必须在工作场所文化的顶级,以免他们成为下一个的,因为前雇员出版了博客博客,描述了一个骚扰的环境。

EN: For start-ups such as Glint, this desire for oversight is a lucrative business opportunity.
ZH_REF: 对于像 Glint 这样的初创公司来说，公司这种监督愿望是一个钱途无量的商机。
ZH_HYP: 对于初创企业,这种对监督的欲望是一个有利可图的商业机会。

EN: The global governance, regulation and compliance industry could be worth more than $118.7 billion by 2020, according to finance tech insights website Let's Talk Payments.
ZH_REF: 根据金融技术分析网站 Let's Talk Payments 的数据，到 2020 年，全球治理、监管和合规行业的价值可能会超过 1,187 亿美元。
ZH_HYP: 根据金融技术的了解,全球治理、监管和合规行业在2020年之前可能超过1187亿美元。

EN: Denver, Colo., start-up Convercent, which helps companies prevent and detect bad behavior, saw an uptick in interest and activity earlier this year amid Uber's fall into disrepute.
ZH_REF: 科罗拉多州丹佛的初创企业 Convercent 致力于帮助公司防止和发现不良行为，在今年早些时候优步声誉受损期间，他们看到了此方面兴趣和活动的增加。
ZH_HYP: “”“”,”“”,公司的启动资金,在今年早些时候,在美国的不声不振,情况下,发现了和活动的兴趣和活动。

EN: Convercent has nearly 600 clients, including Airbnb, Microsoft, and Tesla.
ZH_REF: Convercent 拥有近 600 个客户，其中包括爱彼迎、微软和特斯拉。
ZH_HYP: 转换成近600个客户,其中包括空军bnb、微软和tesla。

EN: Uber recently signed up as a client.
ZH_REF: 优步最近签约成为客户。
ZH_HYP: 最近,uber最近签了.

EN: Like Glint, Convercent lets companies send customized "pulse" surveys, gather confidential responses in real time, and view heat maps of its problem areas.
ZH_REF: 与 Glint 一样，Convercent 可以让公司发送定制化的“诊断”调查，实时收集机密回应，查看其问题区域的热图。
ZH_HYP: 就像闪光一样,转换让公司发送定制的“脉搏”调查,实时收集机密反应,并将其问题的热地图。

EN: It also offers an anonymous texting hotline that lets employees report bad behavior.
ZH_REF: Convercent 还提供匿名短信热线，让员工上报不良行为。
ZH_HYP: 它还提供匿名信热线,让员工报告不良行为。

EN: And if the chief executive is implicated, complaints go straight to the board of directors.
ZH_REF: 如果董事长受到牵连，那么投诉将直接进入董事会。
ZH_HYP: 如果首席执行官有牵连,则直接向董事会提出申诉。

EN: "The court of public opinion has usurped regulators," said Patrick Quinlan, the founder and chief executive of Convercent.
ZH_REF: Convercent 的创始人兼首席执行官帕特里克·昆兰表示：“舆论法庭篡夺了监管机构的权力。
ZH_HYP: “公共舆论法院”的创始人首席执行官帕特里克?昆兰(patrickquinlan)表示:“舆论舆论已经篡改了监管者。

EN: If a company is found to treat its employees poorly or behave unethically, even if regulators don't step in, it can face costly consequences from consumer boycotts, employee attrition and lawsuits, Quinlan said.
ZH_REF: 如果一家公司被发现对待员工不善或者对员工表现不道德，即使监管机构不介入，这家公司也可能面临消费者抵制、员工流失和卷入诉讼的高昂后果，昆兰表示。
ZH_HYP: 如果一家公司发现公司员工不善或表现不善,即使监管机构不介入,也会面临消费者抵制、员工流失和诉讼的代价。

EN: Ruby Tuesday, the restaurant chain with more than 25,000 employees across 500 locations, has used Convercent for more than a year to ensure employees are aware of policies and procedures and offer an easy way to reach its corporate headquarters.
ZH_REF: Ruby Tuesday 是一家横跨 500 多个地方并拥有超过 25,000 名员工的餐饮连锁店，已使用 Convercent 一年多，确保员工了解工作准则与工作规程，提供联系公司总部的轻松途径。
ZH_HYP: ”鲁uby,这家餐厅的连锁店有25000多名员工,已经使用了一年多的时间来确保员工了解政策和程序,并为其公司总部提供了一个方便的方法。

EN: Previously, if an employee wanted to report a problem, he or she had to find a phone number or email for corporate headquarters, lodge a formal complaint, and hope it was taken seriously.
ZH_REF: 在此之前，如果员工想要报告问题，必须找到公司总部电话号码或电子邮件，提出正式投诉，并希望总部能对此予以认真对待。
ZH_HYP: 以前,如果一名员工想报告问题,他或她必须找到一个电话或电子邮件,并希望得到认真的投诉。

EN: It was often an intimidating and uncomfortable experience, said James Vitrano, Ruby Tuesday's general counsel, who said there was no good way of tracking employee complaints.
ZH_REF: 这往往是一种令人畏惧而不安的经历，Ruby Tuesday 的法律总顾问詹姆斯·维特拉诺如是说，他认为并没有一种好的方法可以追踪员工的投诉。
ZH_HYP: 鲁比星期二的法律顾问詹姆斯·维拉诺说,这常常是一种令人恫吓和不舒服的经历。

EN: Now that the company is using Convercent, though, problems that were previously hidden from executives who sat in offices cities or states away - such as discrimination, harassment or unfair wage practices - can be more quickly identified and addressed.
ZH_REF: 但现在该公司使用 Convercent，就能更快地发现和解决之前位于远距离办公室、城市或州的高管所不知道的问题 - 如歧视、骚扰或不公平的工资行为。
ZH_HYP: 现在公司正在使用转换,而以前隐藏在办公室城市或国家的的问题,例如歧视、骚扰或不公平的工资做法。

EN: "I can get closer to that holistic, 360-degree view into the employment experience," said Vitrano, who oversees Ruby Tuesday's risk management group.
ZH_REF: “我可以更近地、360 度全方位地了解工作体验，”负责 Ruby Tuesday 风险管理团队的维特拉诺说道。
ZH_HYP: “我可以更接近于这个整体360度的工作经验,”维斯拉诺说,“我可以更接近于这个整体。

EN: "And we're protecting our shareholders from employment litigation."
ZH_REF: “我们正在保护我们的股东免受就业诉讼。”
ZH_HYP: "我们保护我们的股东免受就业诉讼。

EN: Companies started taking ethics, values and employee engagement more seriously in 2002 after accounting firm Arthur Andersen collapsed because of ethical violations from the Enron scandal, Quinlan said.
ZH_REF: 昆兰表示，在安道尔会计师事务所因安然丑闻违反道德规范而倒闭后，各家公司从 2002 年开始更加重视道德、价值观和员工敬业度。
ZH_HYP: 昆兰说,2002年,公司在安然的丑闻中,由于安然丑闻而导致道德、价值观和员工的参与。

EN: But it wasn't until "social media came into its own" that companies realized they couldn't stop their dirty laundry from going viral online.
ZH_REF: 但直到“社交媒体走入了自己的世界”之后，各家公司才意识到他们无法阻止他们的爆料在网上病毒式传播。
ZH_HYP: 但直到“社交媒体”自己”才意识到,他们无法阻止他们在网上的病毒。

EN: "Prior to using technology to monitor ethics, people used hope as a strategy," he said.
ZH_REF: “在使用技术监测道德之前，人们把希望视为一种策略，”他说。
ZH_HYP: “在使用技术监测伦理之前,人们利用了希望作为一种策略。

EN: Both Glint and Convercent offer their software as a service, charging companies recurring fees to use their products.
ZH_REF: Glint 和 Convercent 均将其软件作为服务提供，并向各家公司收取产品使用的经常性费用。
ZH_HYP: 闪光和转换成软件作为一种服务,收费公司的收费。

EN: It's a business model and opportunity that has the approval of venture capital investors, who have propped up both start-ups.
ZH_REF: 这种商业模式和商业机会得到风险投资者的支持，这些投资者已经为这两家初创公司提供支持。
ZH_HYP: 这是一个商业模式和机会,得到了风险投资投资者的认可。

EN: Convercent raised $10 million in funding in February from firms such as Sapphire Ventures and Tola Capital, bringing its total capital raised to $47 million.
ZH_REF: 2 月份，Convercent 从 Sapphire Ventures 和 Tola Capital 等公司筹集了 1000 万美元的资金，其总资本上升至 4700 万美元。
ZH_HYP: 2月份,从蓝宝石公司和tlacapital等公司筹集了1000万美元的资金,使其资本总额提高到4700万美元。

EN: Glint secured $10 million in November from Bessemer Venture Partners, bringing its total funding to $60 million.
ZH_REF: 11 月份，Glint 从 Bessemer Venture Partners 获得了 1000 万美元的资金，其总资金达到 6000 万美元。
ZH_HYP: 11月,全球企业企业的1000万美元,使其资金总额达到6000万美元。

EN: These investments hardly come as a surprise, given the interconnected nature of companies, culture and venture capital.
ZH_REF: 鉴于公司、文化和风险投资之间的相互关联性，这些投资几乎不会让人感到惊讶。
ZH_HYP: 鉴于公司、文化和风险资本的相互关联性,这些投资几乎不令人惊讶。

EN: There's a growing body of research showing today's employees expect more from their workplaces than before.
ZH_REF: 越来越多的研究表明，今天的员工对工作场所的期望比以前更高。
ZH_HYP: 现在有越来越多的研究表明,员工们的工作场所比以前更多。

EN: In competitive markets such as Silicon Valley, high salaries and interesting projects are merely table stakes.
ZH_REF: 在像硅谷这样竞争激烈的市场中，高薪水和有趣的项目仅仅是赌注。
ZH_HYP: 在硅谷等竞争市场,高工资和有趣的项目只是表上赌注。

EN: Employees want to feel that they're accepted and valued and that they're giving their time to a company with a positive mission.
ZH_REF: 员工希望感受到他们被接受、被重视，感受到他们的时间花在一个有积极使命的公司身上。
ZH_HYP: 员工们想觉得他们接受并重视,他们给他们的时间给一个公司。

EN: Investors achieve returns when their portfolio companies do well; companies do well when employees are committed and engaged.
ZH_REF: 投资者在其投资组合公司表现良好时实现回报；公司在员工忠诚和敬业时表现良好。
ZH_HYP: 当投资者在投资组合公司做得很好;当员工员工和参与时,公司就会做得很好。

EN: If third-party analytics tools promise to increase employee commitment and engagement, it's no wonder they're finding backing.
ZH_REF: 如果第三方分析工具承诺增加员工的忠诚度和敬业度，他们会寻找财务支持也就不足为怪了。
ZH_HYP: 如果第三方分析工具承诺增加员工的承诺和参与,那就难怪他们的支持。

EN: Having data on employee engagement is important, according to workplace culture experts.
ZH_REF: 工作场所文化专家称，掌握员工敬业度数据非常重要。
ZH_HYP: 根据工作场所文化专家的数据,数据,重要。

EN: But the data are useless unless a company's custodians take action.
ZH_REF: 但是，除非公司的管理员采取行动，否则这些数据毫无用处。
ZH_HYP: 但除非公司的保管人采取行动,数据是无用的。

EN: In fact, if a company asks employees for their feedback, it can set an expectation that change is on the way.
ZH_REF: 事实上，如果一家公司要求员工提供反馈意见，就可以预期这家公司正在进行变革。
ZH_HYP: 事实上,如果公司要求员工反馈,,那就会改变。

EN: And if change doesn't come fast enough, or at all, it can breed disappointment and make employees disengaged.
ZH_REF: 如果变革进展得不够快，或者没有一点进展，则可能会带来失望，并导致员工脱离公司。
ZH_HYP: 如果变化不快,或者根本就会让员工脱离。

EN: "Because if you don't follow through, employees will wonder, 'Did you really hear me?
ZH_REF: “因为如果不全程跟进，员工就会想，‘你真的听到我说的了吗？
ZH_HYP: “因为如果你不不通,雇员会会奇怪,”

EN: Do you care?
ZH_REF: 你在乎吗？
ZH_HYP: 你在乎吗?

EN: And if you don't care, why should I care?' "
ZH_REF: 如果你不在乎，我为什么要在乎呢？’”
ZH_HYP: 如果你不在乎,我为什么要小心?

EN: Madison Reed, which now does monthly employee surveys, has been able to take action the same day a problem is reported on Glint, according to Errett.
ZH_REF: 埃雷特表示，Madison Reed 现在每月进行员工调查，已经能够在 Glint 报告问题的当天采取行动。
ZH_HYP: 据艾雷特说,麦迪逊员工调查,已经能够在同一天采取行动。

EN: And, after gathering feedback from employees frustrated by the speed of decision-making and the quality of communication, she was able to reorganize several teams within the company and add communication training to address the issues.
ZH_REF: 收集员工有关他们因决策速度和沟通质量而受挫的反馈意见之后，她就能够通过重组公司内部团队、增加沟通培训来解决问题。
ZH_HYP: 而且,在收集决策速度和沟通质量的员工反馈意见之后,她能够重组了公司内的几个团队,并为解决这些问题进行了沟通。

EN: Over at Ruby Tuesday, the company is getting new insight on its employees, and it's hoping that in the long run, this will convert to better retention of workers in an industry known for high turnover.
ZH_REF: Ruby Tuesday 公司正在获取对其员工的新见解，从长远来看，他们希望能够在这个以高人才流失率著称的行业中作出转变，更好地保留员工。
ZH_HYP: 在ruby的ruby)周二,该公司正在对员工们的新的,,希望希望希望从长远来看,这将更高的员工留住。

EN: "If you're not committed to creating a culture of transparency, you're going to lose people," Vitrano said.
ZH_REF: “如果你不致力于创造透明文化，你会失去人才，”维特拉诺说道。
ZH_HYP: “如果你不致力于创造一种透明的文化,你就会失去了。

EN: "And if you lose people, you're going to lose customers.
ZH_REF: “如果你失去了人才，你就将失去客户。
ZH_HYP: ”“如果你失去了,你就会失去顾客。

EN: And when you lose customers, you're going to lose companies."
ZH_REF: 而当你失去客户时，你就将失去公司。”
ZH_HYP: 当你失去顾客时,你会失去公司。

EN: This year the swimming events of World Cup will return to the 25-meter short pool. It will consist of 9 sub-station races and one more European station than 2015.
ZH_REF: 今年游泳世界杯的赛事回归25米短池，由9个分站比赛组成，比2015年多一个欧洲站。
ZH_HYP: 今年世界杯的游泳比赛将返回25米短池,它将由9次分站比赛和一个欧洲站。

EN: As a world-class player who defeated Ding Junhui in Snooker Project of the 2010 Guangzhou Asian Games and won the gold medal in this project, Marco Fu should be the most famous Snooker player among the active athletes in Hong Kong.
ZH_REF: 作为曾在2010年广州亚军会斯诺克项目中击败丁俊晖，获得该项目金牌的世界级选手，傅家俊应该是香港现役运动员中知名度最高的斯诺克球手。
ZH_HYP: 作为一个在2010年的亚洲运动会的斯诺克项目中击败了丁俊项目,在这个项目中获得了金牌,成为香港的运动员,成为香港的运动员。

EN: The unveiling ceremony of “Taking Stock of the Chinese Language 2016”, jointly hosted by the National Language Resources Monitoring and Research Center, Commercial Press and people.cn, was held in Beijing today.
ZH_REF: 由国家语言资源监测与研究中心、商务印书馆、人民网主办的“汉语盘点2016”揭晓仪式今天在京举行。
ZH_HYP: 全国语言资源监测与研究中心、商业出版社和人民共同主办的《2016年中国语文》。

EN: Sterling's controversial goal defeated Arsenal, which is really a timely and inspiring attempt for Manchester City after losing two battles in the three matches before.
ZH_REF: 斯特林争议进球绝杀阿森纳，之于此前3轮2场败北的曼城，着实是一针太及时的强心剂。
ZH_HYP: 斯特林的争议的目标击败了阿森纳,这是曼联在前三场比赛中的两个战役。

EN: Urban romance-business drama “Feather Flies To The Sky” has been a big hit on Jiangsu Television. The drama tells the story of the arduous and passionate entrepreneurial history and romance of three generations of people.
ZH_REF: 都市情感商业大剧《鸡毛飞上天》正在江苏卫视热播，该剧讲述了三代人既艰辛曲折又充满激情的创业史和情感史故事。
ZH_HYP: 《城市浪漫》》在江苏电视上受到了巨大打击,这是《《飞翔》讲述了三代人的艰苦和激情的历史和浪漫的故事。

EN: This director of plays, who was born in the 1940s, is a highly respected elder in the performing arts circle. He was a winner of the Golden Lion Award, and was entitled to special subsidy from the State Council.
ZH_REF: 这位出生于上世纪40年代的话剧导演，是业界德高望重的老前辈，话剧金狮奖得主，享受国务院特殊津贴。
ZH_HYP: 这位导演在1940年代出生的戏剧导演,是一位非常尊敬的高龄人,他是金狮奖的获得者,并有权获得国务院的特殊补贴。

EN: In the men's 50-meter backstroke, Koga Junya from Japan won the champion with 22'85 and Chinese athlete Xu Jiayu ranked eighth with 23'54.
ZH_REF: 男子50米仰泳，中国选手徐嘉余以23秒54的成绩排名第八，日本选手谷赫纯也以22秒85夺冠。
ZH_HYP: 在男子50米的男子,日本的kogajunyajunya获得了222'85和中国运动员徐木的冠军。

EN: The NCAA's elimination of two-a-day practices makes for a long day for the Bruins
ZH_REF: NCAA 取消每日两次的训练，延长熊队白天的训练时间
ZH_HYP: 美国国家caa取消了两天的做法

EN: It's pushing 11 p.m. as a throng of UCLA football players linger to chat on one side of the team's new on-campus practice fields.
ZH_REF: 时间接近晚上 11 点，加州大学洛杉矶分校足球队队员在球队新的校园练习场旁边徘徊聊天。
ZH_HYP: 这是11点,作为加州大学足球运动员的的一个,,在球队新的校园场场场的一边。

EN: Some have peeled off their jersey tops, revealing backs slick with sweat from the toil of the first day of training camp.
ZH_REF: 有些球员已经脱下运动衫，露出集训营第一天努力训练后汗流浃背的身体。
ZH_HYP: 有些人剥掉了泽西的顶部,在训练营第一天的辛勤时,露出了汗水的

EN: For a good chunk of the team, these idle minutes constitute a midday break.
ZH_REF: 对于球队中很大一部分人来说，这空闲的几分钟就是休息时间。
ZH_HYP: 对于球队的的来说,这些空闲的分钟就会了.

EN: Players enrolled in summer classes will head back to their dorms after the three-hour practice to study for final exams before returning to the Wasserman Football Center for meetings at 6:30 the following morning.
ZH_REF: 参加夏季课程的球员在三小时练习后将返回宿舍备考期末考试，然后第二天早上 6:30 返回 Wasserman 足球中心参加会议。
ZH_HYP: 在三小时的练习后,在参加夏季的的前,他们将回到他们的宿舍,然后再在6:30次返回曼斯曼足球中心。

EN: "This is a grind for these guys the next three days," Bruins coach Jim Mora said not long before Monday turned into Tuesday.
ZH_REF: “接下来的三天对这些家伙是一种磨合，”熊队教练吉姆·莫拉在周一即将进入周二时说道。
ZH_HYP: “在接下来的三天,,这些家伙来说,这是一个磨磨的。

EN: The NCAA's elimination of two-a-day practices, designed to lighten the load on players, has actually lengthened their days - at least until finals end Friday.
ZH_REF: NCAA 取消了每日两次练习（旨在减轻球员负担），但实际上延长了他们白天的训练时间 - 至少在周五结束之前。
ZH_HYP: 美国国家caa的取消了为减轻球员的的的的,实际上是在周结束结束之前。

EN: That's why UCLA's first three practices were scheduled to begin at 7:15 p.m. to accommodate players' already crammed schedules.
ZH_REF: 这就是为什么加州大学洛杉矶分校的前三次训练定于下午 7 点 15 分开始，以适应球员已经挤塞的时间表。
ZH_HYP: 这就是加州大学的首批三场安排,以容纳球员的已经开始了。

EN: The trade-off from no two-a-days is more one-a-days, the Bruins pushing up the start of camp nearly a week from last season and holding practices during summer school for the first time during Mora's six seasons in Westwood.
ZH_REF: 从取消一天两次训练到更多地进行一天一次训练，熊队在上个赛季前差不多一个星期展开训练，莫拉在韦斯特伍德的六个赛季中首次于暑期学校进行训练。
ZH_HYP: 从两天两天的的折衷是两天,,布鲁斯从上个星期开始就开始了一个星期,在夏日学校的夏令营的夏令营的开始。

EN: They are scheduled to hold 18 practices through Aug. 20 before beginning formal game preparations for their opener against Texas A&M on Sept.
ZH_REF: 他们计划从 8 月 20 日开始进行 18 场训练，然后再开始为 9 月份首战德州农工进行正式比赛做赛前准备。
ZH_HYP: 他们计划在8月20日之前举行18次做法,然后于19月20日开始正式的比赛。

EN: Mora said he supported the NCAA's rule change even if it did add another item to players' busy itineraries.
ZH_REF: 莫拉说，他支持 NCAA 的规则调整，虽然这样会让球员繁忙的行程又增加了另一个项目。
ZH_HYP: 莫拉说,他支持ncaa的规则,即使它确实给球员忙碌的路线添加了一个项目。

EN: "We're putting this enormous load on them for three or four days and it's very challenging," Mora said.
ZH_REF: “三或四天时间内，我们会给他们施加巨大的训练量，非常具有挑战性，”莫拉说道。
ZH_HYP: “我们把这巨大的负荷放在了他们身上,而且非常有挑战性。

EN: "And they've just pushed through it; they grind, they're great kids.
ZH_REF: “他们也刚刚通过。他们在磨练，他们都是很棒的孩子。
ZH_HYP: 他们刚过了,他们是好的孩子。

EN: I think once we get to Saturday and we'll have more time, it will really be great."
ZH_REF: 我想到了周六，我们就会有更多时间，真的很棒。”
ZH_HYP: 我想我们到星期六,我们会多,这真的很棒。”

EN: UCLA will close its practices once camp is finished, no easy task given the clear sight lines of its fields from an adjacent parking lot and the adjoining Luskin Center, an upscale hotel that has already been pelted with footballs that cleared a protective net behind a goalpost.
ZH_REF: 集训营一结束，加州大学洛杉矶分校就会停止训练。考虑到邻近的停车场和 Luskin Center 的清晰视线，这不是一个容易的任务。Luskin Center 高级酒店已被穿过球门柱后防护网的足球投掷得遍体鳞伤。
ZH_HYP: 加州大学将关闭其做法,一旦营地的停车场和邻近的葛丽kincenter,一个在一个附近的停车场,而这是一个已经被的的的的。

EN: Bruins players are scheduled to occupy the hotel beginning this weekend, but Mora acknowledged that there could be an issue once those rooms are vacant during the season.
ZH_REF: 本周末开始，熊队队员将住在酒店。但莫拉承认，一旦这些房间在赛季中空置，可能会出现问题。
ZH_HYP: 布鲁斯的球员们计划在这个周末开始占据这个旅馆,但莫拉承认,一旦这些房间在这个季节里空置了。

EN: "We will have security," Mora said.
ZH_REF: “我们会采取安保措施，”莫拉说。
ZH_HYP: “我们要有安全。

EN: "That is a real concern and it's not far-fetched to think that people can rent a room and sit up there and videotape a practice.
ZH_REF: “这是一个真正令人担忧的问题。认为有人可能会租一个房间、坐在房间里录制训练场景，这个想法并不牵强。
ZH_HYP: “这是个真正的问题,认为人们可以租一间房间,坐在那里,并在那里,并不太。

EN: If you have videotape of a practice, it's a pretty good deal.
ZH_REF: 如果你有训练录像带，也相当不错。
ZH_HYP: 如果你有实践的录像,那是件很好的事情。

EN: But we'll have security there and we'll have security up in Parking Lot 8.
ZH_REF: 但是我们在那里会采安保措施，在 8 号停车场也会采取安保措施。
ZH_HYP: 但是我们将在那里有安全。

EN: We'll do the best we can with what we got.
ZH_REF: 我们会利用现有资源，做到最好。
ZH_HYP: 我们将尽最大努力。

EN: I'm not going to worry too much about it.
ZH_REF: 对此，我不会过多担心。
ZH_HYP: 我不会担心太担心。

EN: We have a plan in place."
ZH_REF: 我们已经制定好了计划。”
ZH_HYP: 我们有一个计划。

EN: Just when real estate agents were looking forward to selling more real estate during the holiday season, growth rate of residential property prices was the lowest since 2013.
ZH_REF: 就在房产中介期待在节日季出售更多房产之际，澳洲房价增幅却创2013年以来最低水平。
ZH_HYP: 房地产房地产代理期待在假期期间销售更多房地产,住宅物业价格的增长是2013年以来的最低水平。

EN: IT Home reported this morning that Wall Street Journal claimed that AT&T has canceled plans to sell Huawei’s new flagship smart phone in the US.
ZH_REF: IT之家上午报道，华尔街日报消息称AT&T已经取消计划在美国销售华为新旗舰智能手机的计划。
ZH_HYP: 今天早上,家报称,《华尔街日报》称,美国at&t取消了美国出售新旗舰智能电话的计划。

EN: Huawei’s original plan was to announce this partnership at the CES this week, but AT&T canceled the partnership at the last minute.
ZH_REF: 华为原计划本周在CES上宣布该合作关系，AT&T在最后一刻取消了这一合作。
ZH_HYP: 华为计划是在本周宣布这一伙伴关系,但at&t在最后一刻取消了伙伴关系。

EN: In a January 9 response to a Bloomberg reporter as regards this turn of events (January 9 US local time), Huawei said that it would release its new product and specific listing information to the US market.
ZH_REF: 针对这一情况，华为方面1月9日回应澎湃新闻记者表示，美国当地时间1月9日，华为将向美国市场发布新产品以及具体上市信息。
ZH_HYP: 在1月9日对彭博博记者的这一事件(1月9日当地时间)时,华为将推出新产品和具体上市信息。

EN: Huawei indicated that in the past five years, it has already launched high-end products worldwide and in the US market, proving its strength and competence.
ZH_REF: 华为表示，过去5年，华为已通过在全球和美国市场推出高端产品，证明自己的实力。
ZH_HYP: 华为指出,在过去五年中,它已经在全球范围内推出了高端产品,证明了其实力和能力。

EN: According to the earlier IT Home report, Huawei will unveil the “best smartphone you’ve never heard of” in the afternoon of January 9 at the CES held in Las Vegas. The battery life of this model could support two days of continuous use.
ZH_REF: 据IT之家此前的报道，华为将于1月9日下午在拉斯维加斯CES大展上发布一款“你从未听说过的最好手机”，并且这款手机的续航能力能够支撑两天的使用。
ZH_HYP: 根据该报告,华为将在1月9日下午在拉斯维加斯举行的首轮的“最佳智能手机”,,这种模式的电池寿命可以支持连续两天的使用。

EN: Industry insiders generally believe that the flagship mobile phone Huawei will soon unveil is the Huawei Mate 10 Pro equipped with Android Oreo.
ZH_REF: 业界普遍认为，华为即将发布的这款旗舰手机，即是搭载Android Oreo系统的华为Mate 10 Pro。
ZH_HYP: 工业界人士一般认为,旗舰手机华为10号,是华为安卓的。

EN: Yangcheng Evening News reporter Wang Li. The film “I Am Not Madame Bovary” starring Fan Bingbing, as well as Guo Tao, Da Peng, Zhang Jiayi and others, will be released nationwide on September 30.
ZH_REF: 羊城晚报记者王莉由范冰冰领衔，郭涛、大鹏、张嘉译等主演的电影《我不是潘金莲》将于9月30日全国上映。
ZH_HYP: 《我不是《我不是《我不是《影迷》》,也是郭新、郭鹏、张家,张家,张家,张家。

EN: Yesterday, the film held a workshop with the theme “Sorrow in Comedies” in Beijing. Feng Xiaogang, Ning Hao and Da Peng attended the event.
ZH_REF: 昨天，该片在北京举行“喜剧的忧伤”主题研讨会，冯小刚、宁浩、大鹏三位嘉宾出席活动。
ZH_HYP: 昨天,这部电影在北京举办了一个主题为“悲哀”的主题。冯小刚、宁宁、彭鹏和彭鹰参加了活动。

EN: Alternating circular and square image composition; the director was simply willful What was special about “I Am Not Madame Bovary” was the alternating circular and square image compositions. In particular, the circular frames shot with a hooded lens were fresh and interesting.
ZH_REF: 构图方圆交替，导演就是任性《我不是潘金莲》的特别之处，是构图方圆交替，特别是以遮罩镜头拍出的圆形画面很有新鲜感。
ZH_HYP: 交替的圆形形形形图文,导演只是很“我不是“我的”的”的是交替的和形形的,特别是用圆形的镜头的圆形镜头

EN: Feng Xiaogang said he regarded the work as his maiden work, and learned how to shoot circular frames from the camera people. He even spent a few million to allow the camera people to shoot a 10-minute pilot.
ZH_REF: 冯小刚称自己把作品当成处女作，跟摄影师学习怎么拍圆形画面，甚至花了几百万元让摄影师拍了一个十分钟的试片。
ZH_HYP: 冯小刚说他把工作看作是他的工作,并学会了如何拍摄的人的帧。

EN: Facebook to step up fact-checking in fight against fake news
ZH_REF: 脸书将推出事实核查功能，打击虚假新闻
ZH_HYP: facebook上加紧检查假新闻

EN: Facebook is to send more potential hoax articles to third-party fact checkers and show their findings below the original post, the world's largest online social network said on Thursday as it tries to fight so-called fake news.
ZH_REF: 脸书在周四宣称，将发送更多潜在恶作剧文章给第三方检测机构，并在原帖下方展示检测结果。脸书这一全球最大的在线社交网络正试图打击所谓的假新闻。
ZH_HYP: 据世界最大的在线社交网络在周四表示,facebook将更多的潜在的骗局发送给第三方的事实,并在其调查结果。

EN: The company said in a statement on its website it will start using updated machine learning to detect possible hoaxes and send them to fact checkers, potentially showing fact-checking results under the original article.
ZH_REF: 脸书公司在其网站的声明中表示，脸书将开始使用更新的机器来学习检测可能的恶作剧并将其发送给事实核查器，并可能在原帖下方显示事实核查结果。
ZH_HYP: 该公司在其网站上表示,它将开始使用最新的机器学习,以发现可能的骗局,并将他们发送事实检查结果。

EN: Facebook has been criticized as being one of the main distribution points for so-called fake news, which many think influenced the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
ZH_REF: 脸书被批评为所谓假新闻的主要传播点之一，许多人认为脸书影响了 2016 年美国总统大选。
ZH_HYP: facebook被批评为所谓的假新闻的主要发行点,许多人认为这影响了2016年美国总统大选。

EN: The issue has also become a big political topic in Europe, with French voters deluged with false stories ahead of the presidential election in May and Germany backing a plan to fine social media networks if they fail to remove hateful postings promptly, ahead of elections there in September.
ZH_REF: 这个问题也成为欧洲的一个重大政治话题，法国五月份总统选举前，选民遭遇了虚假故事的泛滥，德国则率先在九月选举前通过了对罚款计划的支持，如果社交媒体网络未能及时删除仇恨帖，则会被处以罚款。
ZH_HYP: 这一问题也成为欧洲的一个重大政治议题,法国选民在5月的总统选举前,德国选民们在虚假报道,德国支持一个计划,如果他们不及时取消选举,则将在9月举行

EN: On Thursday Facebook said in a separate statement in German that a test of the new fact-checking feature was being launched in the United States, France, the Netherlands and Germany.
ZH_REF: 脸书周四在德国的一份单独声明中表示，正在美国、法国、荷兰和德国启动一项新的事实核查功能测试。
ZH_HYP: 在周四,facebook在德国的一份声明中表示,正在美国、法国、荷兰和德国推出了新的检验检验功能。

EN: "In addition to seeing which stories are disputed by third-party fact checkers, people want more context to make informed decisions about what they read and share," said Sara Su, Facebook news feed product manager, in a blog.
ZH_REF: 脸书新闻馈送产品经理莎拉·苏在一篇博客中表示：“除了看到哪些故事受到第三方事实核查员的质疑外，人们还希望有更多的背景来帮助他们对阅读和分享的内容做出明智的决定。
ZH_HYP: “facebook”的产品经理在博客中表示:“除了看到第三方事实的事实,人们希望更多的环境来做出知情的决定,”

EN: She added that Facebook would keep testing its "related article" feature and work on other changes to its news feed to cut down on false news.
ZH_REF: 她补充说，脸书将继续测试其“相关文章”功能，并对其新闻提要进行其他更改以减少虚假新闻。
ZH_HYP: 她补充说,facebook将继续测试其“相关文章”的功能,并对新闻新闻进行其他修改,以减少假消息。

EN: Building a graphic novel: A Castle in England's story
ZH_REF: 创作一部绘图小说：英格兰城堡的故事
ZH_HYP: 建构一个小说:英格兰的故事

EN: In its recent past, the diminutive Scotney Castle has featured in a Squeeze music video and been a bolthole for Margaret Thatcher during the 1970s and 1980s.
ZH_REF: 最近，小巧的斯科特尼城堡在压缩版音乐影片中成为主角，并一度成为玛格丽特·撒切尔 (Margaret Thatcher) 夫人在七八十年代期间的避难所。
ZH_HYP: 在最近的,,的苏格兰的城堡在1970和1980年代,一直是一个音乐的音乐视频。

EN: But Scotney has witnessed 700 years of tumultuous history from its cosy seat in Bewl River valley in Kent, now inspiration for a graphic novel written by Jamie Rhodes, a mop-haired Yorkshireman with a penchant for historical documents.
ZH_REF: 但是斯科特尼在肯特州贝乐河峡谷舒适的位置上目睹了 700 年的动荡历史，现在它则成为由杰米·罗德斯 (Jamie Rhodes) (一个对历史文件有特别爱好、留着拖把头的约克郡人) 所写图形小说的灵感来源。
ZH_HYP: 但,苏格兰的苏格兰人在肯特的贝特河流域的的座上,了700年的历史,现在是由《《》的《拉米德》(jamierrh

EN: "I find it so beautiful to look at the handwriting of someone who has been dead for 300 years," he says wistfully.
ZH_REF: “可以看到 300 年前古人的笔迹，我发现这真是太美了 ”，他满眼向往地说道。
ZH_HYP: “我发现,我已经300年了的人的笔迹很漂亮。

EN: "What a personal connection, to hold that letter in my hand."
ZH_REF: “这是什么样的人际缘分才能让这封信落在我手上。”
ZH_HYP: “我手里拿着信。”

EN: It is not Rhodes's first book based on an archive: he also wrote 2014's Dead Men's Teeth and Other Stories, a collection inspired by documents in the British Library - a project he found unexpectedly emotional.
ZH_REF: 这并不是罗兹第一本以档案为原材料的书：他还写了《2014 年死人的牙齿和其他故事》，这是一本受英国图书馆文献启发而作的图书，这是一个他受到无法控制的创作激情而完成的作品。
ZH_HYP: 这不是罗德的第一部书本,他也写了2014年的死牙和其他故事,这是英国图书馆的文件启发的一个项目。

EN: "I welled up at just the thumbprint on the side of a letter, written by a double agent in the 1700s who was working for the Jacobites," he says.
ZH_REF: 他说：“我在看到信件一侧留下的拇指印记那刻起就不可抑制自己的写作冲动，该封信是一位 18 世纪为雅各布派工作的双重特工所写。”
ZH_HYP: “我很擅长在一个大拇指上的拇指,,写在1700年代的一位代理人写的,”他说。

EN: "That's his thumbprint!
ZH_REF: “那是他的指纹！
ZH_HYP: “这就是他的指纹!

EN: And letters always smell like smoke because, back then, you lit a fire for light.
ZH_REF: 而且信件一直闻起来有股烟味，因为那时候，你需要点火才能有光亮。
ZH_HYP: 而字母总是闻到,因为那时,你点燃了火。

EN: To someone 300 years in the future, the smell makes it feel like they're there, too.
ZH_REF: 对于300年后的我们来说，这种气味让人感觉他们也在我们身边。
ZH_HYP: 对未来300年的人来说,这种气味也是感觉到的。

EN: Ah, I love archives!"
ZH_REF: 噢，我喜欢档案文献！”
ZH_HYP: 啊,我喜欢档案!

EN: For someone so smitten with old papers, getting support from the National Trust and Arts Council England and living in a castle for almost four months ("I overstayed my welcome a little bit, to be honest") seems too good to be true.
ZH_REF: 对于那些被旧纸张打动的人来说，可以得到英格兰国家信托和艺术委员会的支持并在城堡里生活了将近四个月 (“说实话，我呆的时间有点久了”) 似乎太棒了，简直不相信是真的。
ZH_HYP: 因为有人用旧的报纸,得到国家信任和艺术委员会的支持,并在城堡里生活了四个月("我有点儿,我有点儿,我的欢迎我的欢迎)。

EN: Rhodes spent his days exploring the Victorian "new" castle, going through the archives and studying the manor's many treasures and curios, such as the mounted hyena heads on the walls and bottles that had spent centuries in the moat.
ZH_REF: 罗兹耗费了数天时间参观浏览维多利亚的“新”城堡，翻阅档案、研究庄园的许多宝藏和古玩，比如挂在墙上的鬣狗头，以及在护城河中度过了几个世纪的瓶子等等。
ZH_HYP: 罗德在几天里探索了维多利亚“新”城堡,,穿过档案馆,研究了许多珍藏和和古怪,,比如在那些在摩特的墙和瓶子里的的的�

EN: He wandered the grounds and the ruins of the old castle, talking to rangers, gardeners and sometimes the artists at work on his book's illustrations.
ZH_REF: 他漫步在旧城堡的土地和废墟上，与流浪者、园丁，有时候与为他书中绘制插图艺术家聊天。
ZH_HYP: 他漫游了老城堡的的废墟,与游人、园丁和有时是艺术家们插图的书。

EN: Then at night, he'd "drink whiskey and get writing."
ZH_REF: 然后到了晚上，他就会“喝点威士忌，然后写作。”
ZH_HYP: 晚上,他喝威士忌,写字。

EN: The intimate history of Scotney is relatively unknown, as the National Trust had only gained full access in 2006 when the final heir, Elizabeth Hussey, died.
ZH_REF: 斯科特尼的隐秘历史还不是很清楚，因为“英国国民信托组织” (National Trust) 只有在 2006 年最后的继承人伊丽莎白·赫西去世后才完全进入。
ZH_HYP: 苏格兰国家信托基金的历史相对不,因为2006年,当最后的希西,伊丽莎白·希西去世时,国家信任完全获得了。

EN: When Rhodes arrived a decade later, staff were only starting to tackle the archive, which he describes as "hundreds of years of aristocrats going: 'Oh, stick it in the loft'."
ZH_REF: 十年后，当罗兹到来时，工作人员才开始处理档案，他把它们形容为“数百年前的贵族们要走了：“哦，把它放在阁楼里吧'。”
ZH_HYP: 十年后,罗德德才开始处理档案,而他把它描述为“数百年贵族的贵族,”。

EN: Diaries, letters from the days of the English empire, maps outlining who owned what: "You'd think land disputes would be boring," says Rhodes, "but there was this one birch tree two families were fighting over.
ZH_REF: 日记、来自英国帝国时代的信件、描绘了各个国家疆域的地图：“你会认为土地纠纷会很无聊 ”，罗兹说，“但是会发生两个家族会为了一棵白桦树而大打出手。
ZH_HYP: 日记,日的日的日的信,地图上,谁是谁:“你认为土地纠纷会很枯燥,”罗兹说,“但这有一个桦树,两个家庭正在

EN: Just let it go, guys!"
ZH_REF: 放手吧，伙计们！”
ZH_HYP: 让它走吧,伙计们!

EN: Some of the stories in the collection use the castle as a jumping-off point to delve more broadly into English history, including The Labourer, which follows a man who leaves the newly built castle to join the 1381 Peasants' Revolt.
ZH_REF: 该作品中的一些故事以城堡作为起点，进而来更广泛的层面研究英国的历史，其中包括《劳动者》 (The Labourer) ，该故事以一名离开新建城堡参加1381年农民起义的人为线索。
ZH_HYP: 收藏中的一些故事将城堡城堡作为一个跳跃的,更广泛地进入英国历史,包括包括工人,他们离开新新建的城堡,加入1381名农民反抗。

EN: "There is a record of a riot happening at the castle in 1380, in this book called the Knightly Families of Kent and Sussex," says Rhodes.
ZH_REF: “书中名为《肯特和苏塞克斯的骑士家族》 (Knightly Families of Kent and Sussex) ”的故事记录了 1380 年在城堡里发生的一场暴乱 ”，罗兹说道。
ZH_HYP: 罗德说:“1380年城堡里有发生骚乱的记录,在这本书中,kent和susex的骑士家族。

EN: "The Peasants' Revolt started in that area and I thought, a riot is a good place to start.
ZH_REF: “农民起义开始于那个地区，而我认为那里是发动起义的好地方。
ZH_HYP: “农民起义是在这个地区,我想,一个暴乱是个好地方。

EN: Maybe the two are connected?"
ZH_REF: 也许这这两者存在关联？”
ZH_HYP: 也许这两个是有关联的?

EN: Other stories are rooted firmly in the history of the castle - such as The Priest, which tells the tale of the Jesuit priest whom the Darrell family hid for seven years during the English Reformation.
ZH_REF: 其他的故事深深植根于城堡的历史， 例如《牧师》 (The Priest) ，它讲述了达雷尔家族在英国宗教改革时期隐匿一名耶稣会牧师达七年之久的故事。
ZH_HYP: 其他故事扎根于城堡的历史,比如牧师,这就是在英国的教士的故事。

EN: Or The Smuggler, which features 18th-century contrabander Arthur Darrell, who is thought to have staged his own funeral by filling a coffin with rocks (a discovery made years later when his coffin was unearthed).
ZH_REF: 或者《走私者》 (The Smuggler) ，该故事的主人翁是 18 世纪的走私者亚瑟?达雷尔，他被认为是通过用石块装满棺材给自己举行葬礼 (数年后他的棺材露出地面，人们才发觉) 。
ZH_HYP: 或者说18世纪的走私者阿瑟·达雷尔(arthurararell)的认为,他用石头填满棺材来进行葬礼(发现他的棺材是在

EN: The Darrells are Rhodes's favourite Scotney family: "The gentlemen seemed to be quite roguish, always getting into debt and spending money on things they couldn't afford.
ZH_REF: 《达雷尔家族》 (The Darrells) 是罗兹最喜欢的斯科特尼城堡家族：“这些先生们似乎很无赖，总是不断地借钱，再花钱买他们买不起的东西。
ZH_HYP: 达雷尔斯是罗德斯最喜欢的斯科特家族:“们似乎很有很好的,总是要钱买不起的东西。

EN: Different generations of Darrell men solved their debt crises by marrying rich old women - I imagine them as a bunch of handsome guys, with a knack for wooing heiresses."
ZH_REF: 一代又一代的达雷尔男人通过嫁给富有的老女人来解决他们的债务问题，我想他们应该是一群英俊的小伙子，懂得如何追求女人。”
ZH_HYP: 不同的世代人通过娶富的老妇人,了他们的债务危机,我想象他们是一群漂亮的男人,他们的,还有一帮女女。

EN: With his assignment in the castle over, Rhodes is on the hunt for other singular writing experiences.
ZH_REF: 随着他在城堡中的任务结束，罗兹开始寻找其他奇异的写作经历。
ZH_HYP: 罗兹在城堡里的任务,,他的其他奇异的写作经验。

EN: He has completed a two-week stint in the Finnish wilderness for a graphic novel about Elämänmäki, the site of an early 20th-century sanatorium that has since been reclaimed by nature.
ZH_REF: 他在芬兰的荒野里用两周时间完成了一部绘图小说，内容是关于“El?¤m?¤nm?¤ki”，那是一个 20 世纪早期疗养院，后来它慢慢被废弃了。
ZH_HYP: 他在芬兰荒野完成了两星期的的,,《关于艾因米尔的的》的《20世纪初疗养院的网站。

EN: But Scotney holds a special place for him.
ZH_REF: 但斯科特尼对他而言有着特殊的地位。
ZH_HYP: 但斯科特尼为他的一个特殊的地方。

EN: "I was sad to leave," he says.
ZH_REF: “我很伤心地离开”，他说。
ZH_HYP: “我很难过。”

EN: "It was like: 'Ah, I've got to go deal with fucking real life now.'"
ZH_REF: “这就像是：'噢，我得去面对槽糕的现实生活中。'”
ZH_HYP: “就像:‘啊,我现在得去处理真命的生活了。”

EN: Bloomberg reporters learned that ZTE Smart Auto’s headquarters will be established in Zhuhai, and the company will be headed by Tian Wenguo, Executive Vice President of ZTE Corporation.
ZH_REF: 据澎湃新闻记者了解，中兴智能汽车团队总部设在珠海，操盘人为中兴通讯执行副总裁田文果。
ZH_HYP: 彭博格记者得知,将在珠海设立ztesmart汽车总部,公司将由公司执行副总裁田文文。

EN: All large energy companies are “extremely wealthy”. So which energy company in the world makes the most money?
ZH_REF: 大型能源公司个个都“富可敌国”，那么全球众多能源公司中谁最趁钱呢？
ZH_HYP: 所有的能源公司都是“极其富有的”的公司?

EN: Yesterday, PFC Energy published its 2011 list of the Top 50 largest listed energy companies. US oil and gas producer ExxonMobil retained its top position with a market valuation of US$406.3 billion, closely followed by PetroChina and Royal Dutch Shell.
ZH_REF: 昨日，著名的PFC能源公司公布了2011年上市能源公司50强排名，美国石油天然气生产商埃克森美孚以4063亿美元的市值蝉联冠军，中国石油和荷兰皇家壳牌紧随之后。
ZH_HYP: 美国石油和天然气生产商exxxonmobil)公布了2011年清单,前50大上市能源公司。美国石油和天然气生产商exxonmobil)将其顶点

EN: PetroChina topped the PFC rankings twice in 2007 and 2009, while ExxonMobil ranked first place position for the other years.
ZH_REF: 在PFC的这份榜单中，中石油曾于2007年和2009年两度问鼎，其他年份榜首位置全部由埃克森美孚占据。
ZH_HYP: 2007年和2009年,中国石油公司排行榜两次,而埃克森美孚则排名第一位。

EN: Three companies from Mainland China made the 2011 Top 50 list. In addition 2nd place PetroChina, Sinopec and CNOOC were ranked 9th and 15th, respectively.
ZH_REF: 在2011年的50强榜单中，共有3家来自中国内地的公司入围，除了排名第2的中石油，还有第9位的中国石化和第15位的中国海洋石油。
ZH_HYP: 中国大陆的三家公司分别为2011年的50位,中国石油化石油公司和cnooc)排名第9位。

EN: Washington Changes the Green Card Rules
ZH_REF: 美国修改绿卡规定
ZH_HYP: 华盛顿改变了绿卡规则

EN: There is going to be new US immigration plan to modify Green Card rules, President Donald Trump said, quoted by the media.
ZH_REF: 媒体援引总统唐纳德·特朗普的讲话称，美国将推出新的移民计划，修改绿卡规定。
ZH_HYP: 美国总统特朗普说,美国将有新的美国移民计划来修改绿卡规则。

EN: It envisages reducing legal immigrants to 50,000 per year, stricter rules for obtaining temporary work visas and restrictions on family-oriented visas.
ZH_REF: 该项计划意将合法移民减少至每年 50,000 人，临时工作签证以及面向家庭的签证申请会受到更严格的规定限制。
ZH_HYP: 它设想将法律移民减少每年50000人,更严格的签证,并限制家庭签证。

EN: The new rules are proposed by the Republicans and are supported by the president.
ZH_REF: 新规定由共和党提出并受到总统支持。
ZH_HYP: 新规则由共和党人提出,并得到总统的支持。

EN: The draft law is due to be discussed in the two chambers of Congress.
ZH_REF: 法律草案将在两院内进行讨论。
ZH_HYP: 法律草案将在国会的两个院进行讨论。

EN: "This law will reduce poverty, raise wages and save billions of dollars for taxpayers, and will do this by changing the way the US issues Green Cards to citizens from other countries.
ZH_REF: 美国媒体援引特朗普的话表示，“这项法律将减少贫困，提高工资，为纳税人节省数十亿美元，通过改变美国向其他国家公民发放绿卡的方式来实现以上好处。
ZH_HYP: ”“这项法律将减少贫困,提高工资,为纳税人节省数十亿美元,并将通过改变美国向其他国家的公民发放绿色卡的方式。

EN: The law will reduce chain migration and replace the current scheme.
ZH_REF: 该法律将取代目前的方案，减少链式移民。
ZH_HYP: 法律将减少链移,取代现行的计划。

EN: This new application process will benefit candidates who speak English, have financial resources to support themselves and show skills that will benefit our economy," said Trump, quoted by the American media.
ZH_REF: 这一新的申请流程有利于会讲英语，拥有资金支持，并拥有对经济发展有利技能的申请人。”
ZH_HYP: 美国媒体援引的特朗普说,这个新的应用程序将有利于那些英语的候选人,有财政资源支持自己,并能让我们经济受益。

EN: The inaugural China Fireworks and Firecracker Safety and Environmental Protection Expo will be held in Liuyang on May 29.
ZH_REF: 5月29日，首届中国烟花爆竹安全环保博览会将在浏阳举行。
ZH_HYP: 中国烟火花及爆竹安全及环保展会将于五月二十九日在刘阳举行。

EN: A large number of experts and entrepreneurs will be invited to this Expo to carry out academic exchanges in the fireworks and firecracker industry, and to share the latest technological achievements on fireworks and firecracker safety and environmental protection.
ZH_REF: 本次博览会将邀请大批专家、企业家，进行烟花爆竹行业学术交流，共享烟花爆竹安全环保最新技术成果。
ZH_HYP: 大批专家和企业家将应邀参加烟花和鞭炮行业的学术交流,分享烟花和鞭竹安全和环保方面的最新技术成果。

EN: When 2017, which was just around the corner, was mentioned, Zhao Lei said, “After the tour ends next year, I want to go away and be alone to take stock for a while, and write more new works.”
ZH_REF: 而提起即将到来的2017年，赵雷坦言：“在明年结束巡演之后，我想给自己清零，然后好好沉淀一下，写出更多新作品。”
ZH_HYP: 赵文说:“在明年的旅行结束之后,我想离开,并独自一人去做股票,并写更多的新的作品。

EN: This voluntary service event was aimed at protecting the scenic resources of Nanyue, and propagating the voluntary service concept of “care for others, care for society, and care for nature”. It also served to teach and pass on to the next generation the virtue of voluntary service.
ZH_REF: 此次志愿服务活动，旨在保护南岳风景资源，弘扬“关爱他人、关爱社会、关爱自然”的志愿服务理念，也让下一代从小接受熏陶，传承志愿服务美德。
ZH_HYP: 这项志愿服务活动旨在保护南埃的的风景资源,并宣传"照顾他人、照顾社会和关爱"的自愿服务概念,并将其传授给下一代。

EN: In the eyes of reporters who have been reporting on table tennis and badminton all year long, “Tibetan mastiff” Zhang Jike has already had the potential to become the next Lin Dan.
ZH_REF: 在常年报道乒羽项目的记者们眼中，“藏獒”张继科早就具备了成为下一个林丹的潜质。
ZH_HYP: 在记者们的眼球和羽毛球报道的记者眼中,“藏獒””张家已经有可能成为下一个林丹。

EN: The Information Office of the Ministry of National Defense revealed that upon friendly consultations, China and the US successfully completed the transfer of the US unmanned undersea vehicle at the relevant region in the South China Sea on the afternoon of December 20.
ZH_REF: 据国防部新闻局消息，中美双方经友好协商，于12月20日中午在南海有关海域顺利完成美无人潜航器的移交工作。
ZH_HYP: 国防部信息办公室透露,在友好协商后,中国和美方于22月20日下午顺利完成了有关地区的的移交。

EN: In recent years, Google, Microsoft, Amazon, Facebook and other Silicon Valley giants have armed themselves for competition in the artificial intelligence (AI) sector.
ZH_REF: 近年来，谷歌、微软、亚马逊和Facebook等硅谷巨头在人工智能（AI）领域进行着军备竞赛。
ZH_HYP: 近年来,谷歌、微软、亚马逊、facebook等硅谷巨头都在自己自己,以在人工智能(人工智能(i)部门进行比赛。

EN: The rise of sex robots is real, and we should be concerned
ZH_REF: 性爱机器人确在兴起，但我们应慎重
ZH_HYP: 性机器人的崛起是真实的,我们应该关注

EN: Just when you thought 2017 couldn't get any weirder along comes a new report on the technological developments in the sex robot sector.
ZH_REF: 就在你觉得 2017 年不会更诡异的时候，性爱机器人领域发布了一份新的技术发展报告。
ZH_HYP: 就在2017年想不到的时候,性机器人部门的技术发展的新报告。

EN: Yep.
ZH_REF: 是的。
ZH_HYP: yep。

EN: Sex robots are a big deal right now.
ZH_REF: 现在性爱机器人可是件大事。
ZH_HYP: 性机器人现在是大的。

EN: Recently, the Foundation for Responsible Robotics (FRR) released a report looking at the development of sex robots over the next five to 10 years.
ZH_REF: 最近，责任机器人基金会 (FRR) 发布了一份报告，展望了性爱机器人在接下来的五到十年中的发展。
ZH_HYP: 最近,负责任的机器人基金会发表了一份报告,探讨未来五至十年的性机器人的发展。

EN: According to Noel Sharkey, emeritus professor of robotics and artificial intelligence at the University of Sheffield and co-founder of the FRR, we need to start taking their rise seriously.
ZH_REF: 据谢菲尔德大学机器人技术和人工智能荣誉退休教授兼 FRR 联合创始人诺埃尔?夏基称，我们需要开始认真对待性爱机器人的兴起了。
ZH_HYP: 据大学谢菲尔德大学的机器人和人工智能教授教授,我们需要认真地开始。

EN: Customers can choose the robot's eye colour, nipple shape and fingernail type.
ZH_REF: 顾客可以选择机器人的眼睛颜色、乳头形状和指甲类型。
ZH_HYP: 客户可以选择机器人的眼睛颜色、乳头形状和指甲型.

EN: "People snigger about them, but the companies are actually shipping quite a lot and we are going to see them a lot more," Mr Sharkey said at the launch of the new report.
ZH_REF: 夏基在新报告发布时说道：“人们在背后讥笑，但各大公司确实推出了很多性爱机器人，而我们也会看到更多。”
ZH_HYP: “在新报告的推出时,人们对他们的嘲讽,但公司实际上是航运很多,我们将看到他们。

EN: Modern sex dolls have evolved out of their blow-up counterparts into robots with a silicon skin that is warm to the touch - with deliberately human-like responses achieved by artificial intelligence.
ZH_REF: 现代性爱娃娃已经从充气娃娃进化成了机器人，它们拥有硅胶皮肤，摸起来很温暖，还特意利用人工智能设置了人类般的性反应。
ZH_HYP: 现代性娃娃娃已经从他们的的对应的机器人中进化出来,而这种硅皮肤对触摸的人的反应是故意的人工智能所能的。

EN: The user can also "customise" their robot to suit their persuasions, choosing everything from the robot's eye colour, nipple shape to fingernail type or colour.
ZH_REF: 用户也可以“自定义”他们的机器人来满足自己的喜好，从眼睛颜色、乳头形状到指甲类型或颜色都可以选择。
ZH_HYP: 用户也可以“定制”机器人的机器人,从机器人的眼睛颜色、乳头形状到指甲型或颜色。

EN: But it gets even more disturbing, with many of the robots possessing "personalities" that would make a Stepford Wife look progressive.
ZH_REF: 但是更令人不安的是，很多拥有“个性”的机器人会让“复制娇妻”看起来很先进。
ZH_HYP: 但这更令人不安,拥有“个性”的机器人会让继女的看起来是进步。

EN: Modern sex dolls have evolved into robots with a silicon skin.
ZH_REF: 现代性爱玩具已进化成拥有硅胶皮肤的机器人。
ZH_HYP: 现代性娃娃已经变成了机器人。

EN: The RealBotix robot, for example, allows users to customise their robots according to the traits they find appealing, such as shyness.
ZH_REF: 比如，RealBotix 机器人就能够根据使用者认为有吸引力的特点来自定义，比如害羞。
ZH_HYP: 例如,真正的机器人机器人允许用户根据他们所吸引的吸引力,如羞怯。

EN: Then there are the Roxxxy Gold sex robots, developed by True Companion, which come with pre-programmed personalities, including "Frigid Farrah" that gives the impression of shyness and "Wild Wendy" with an "adventurous" personality.
ZH_REF: 还有由 True Companion 公司开发的 Roxxxy Gold 性爱机器人，可预先设定性格特点，包括略带羞涩的“冷艳法拉”和“乐于冒险”的“狂野温蒂”。
ZH_HYP: 然后,有有真正的伴侣,,由真正的伴侣来的,包括““弗瑞拉”,给人的印象是羞怯和“荒芜”的性格。

EN: "Roxxxy Gold has a personality which is matched as much as possible to your personality," the True Companion website enthuses.
ZH_REF: “Roxxxy Gold 机器人拥有尽可能与你相称的个性，”True Companion 公司网站对此津津乐道。
ZH_HYP: “真正的伴侣”的个性,人格,”真正的伴侣网站。

EN: So she likes what you like, dislikes what you dislike, etc.
ZH_REF: 所以她爱你所爱，恶你所恶。
ZH_HYP: 所以她喜欢喜欢你喜欢的东西等等。

EN: She also has moods during the day just like real people!
ZH_REF: 她也和正常人一样在那几天有小情绪！
ZH_HYP: 她在白天也有心情!

EN: She can be sleepy, conversational or she can 'be in the mood'!"
ZH_REF: 她可以慵懒，可以健谈，也可以‘性致勃勃’！”
ZH_HYP: 她可以困倦,交谈,或者她能心情愉快.

EN: There are many disturbing aspects to the rise of sex robots - not least of which is the replacement of real, human relationships - but the subservient female traits, the rapey connotations of making a move on Frigid (read: resistant) Farrah, are the most concerning.
ZH_REF: 性爱机器人的兴起带来很多不安——不仅仅是取代了真实的人类关系——而且卑躬屈膝的女性特征以及在冷艳（解读为：抗拒）法拉身上抽动的强奸暗示是最令人担忧的。
ZH_HYP: 性机器人的崛起有很多令人不安的问题,其中最不包括真实的人际关系,但女性的性关系的替代,是在寒冷的的(()拉,最多的。

EN: On its website, True Companion likened Roxxxy to a vibrator, but for men.
ZH_REF: True Companion 在其网站上将 Roxxxy 比作男人的震动棒。
ZH_HYP: 真正的伴侣在其网站上把了rxxxxxx。

EN: "If woman (sic) can have a vibrator, why can't men have a Roxxxy?" the website states.
ZH_REF: 该网站称“如果女人有震动棒，那为什么男人不可以有 Roxxxy？”
ZH_HYP: “如果女人(sic)能有振动器,为什么男人为什么会有一个xxxxxxxx?”

EN: However, these sex robots are not a mere fetish or just another sex toy.
ZH_REF: 然而这些性爱机器人并不是一个单纯的恋物，也不只是一种性爱玩具。
ZH_HYP: 然而,这些性机器人并不是只是一种的的。

EN: Their emergence and increasing sophistication points to something darker and deeper within our culture, a retreat from the ideal of gender equality toward a desire for sex with subjugation as an optional add-on.
ZH_REF: 他们的出现和日益成熟直指我们的文化中更黑暗、更深层的部分：从完美的性别平等逃离，走向以臣服为附加选项的性爱。
ZH_HYP: 他们的出现和越来越精密的观点表明我们文化中更黑暗和更深,这是两性平等理想的渴望,一种可选择的附加性。

EN: Most men, naturally, are not going to keep sex robots, and while the FRR noted their increasing popularity, they remain, for now, on the outskirts of consumer culture.
ZH_REF: 当然大部分男性不会留有性爱机器人，而且虽然 FRR 指出性爱机器人正越来越受欢迎，但它们目前依然处在消费文化的边缘。
ZH_HYP: 大多数人自然都不会性机器人,而联邦共和国尔指出他们的流行程度越来越流行,但现在他们仍在消费文化的郊外。

EN: But what seeps in from the fringes can be highly instructive as to the tenor of the era we're living in.
ZH_REF: 但是从边缘渗透而来的东西能让我们看清我们所处的这个时代的进程。
ZH_HYP: 但是,从我们生活的时代,我们的生活的的高的启发性。

EN: And many people aren't weird or offensive until the free market gives them the permission to be so.
ZH_REF: 很多人本不诡异也不具备攻击性，直到自由市场让他们有机会变得如此。
ZH_HYP: 许多人在自由市场允许他们获得如此。

EN: There is little coincidence that these sophisticated sex robots have emerged at a time when women's rights are under threat across the globe, when there is a president in the White House who has bragged about sexually assaulting women.
ZH_REF: 这些精细的性爱机器人出现在一个全球女性的权利受到威胁的时代，白宫还有一位总统吹嘘对女性的性暴力，这并不是巧合。
ZH_HYP: 在妇女的权利受到威胁时,在白宫有一位总统,在白宫有一位总统,对妇女进行性侵犯的时候,

EN: The most chilling aspect of the TV series The Handmaid's Tale isn't the graphic imagery, the noosed bodies and gouged eyes, but just how realistic that vision feels.
ZH_REF: 电视剧《使女的故事》最让人胆寒的部分不在于逼真的画面，不在于那一具具悬挂的尸体，也不在于那一双双被挖出的眼睛，而在于那过分真实的想象。
ZH_HYP: 电视剧中最令人的的的是,temmid的故事不是不是图形的图像,而是被人的眼睛,而是有多么现实的视觉感觉。

EN: The Republic of Gilead is a leap, but, right now, it doesn't feel like a large one.
ZH_REF: 基列共和国是一次跳跃，但现在看起来这并不遥远。
ZH_HYP: 吉列德的共和国是个飞跃,但现在,它感觉不像一个大的。

EN: The aim behind these sex robots is to create as much of a physical likeness to actual women (albeit with porn star proportions) as technologically possible.
ZH_REF: 这些性爱机器人背后的目标就是要尽技术可能创造最类似真实女性的身体（虽然是按色情明星的比例）。
ZH_HYP: 这些性机器人的目的是在实际的上创造出实际的女性(尽管有色情的明星比例)。

EN: Their creators want them to feel human to the touch, for them to mimic the movement of a real body.
ZH_REF: 这些机器人的创造者想要她们拥有人类的触觉，并模仿真实的人体动作。
ZH_HYP: 他们的创造者想要让他们感受到触摸,因为他们模仿一个真实的身体。

EN: But, pointedly, when it comes to their "personalities" the robots do not represent real women.
ZH_REF: 但直白地讲，她们的“个性”并不能代表真实的女性。
ZH_HYP: 但是,在谈到他们的“个性”时,机器人并不代表真正的女人。

EN: They cannot break up with their companion, or walk out.
ZH_REF: 她们不能分手，也不能出走。
ZH_HYP: 他们不能和同伴分手,或者走出去。

EN: They have no agency or back-story, nothing to suggest independence or anything that may disrupt the fantasy of total servitude.
ZH_REF: 她们没有求助机构也没有后续故事，完全没有任何独立，也没有任何可能打破彻底的奴役幻想。
ZH_HYP: 他们没有任何机构或背面,也没有什么能破坏完全奴役的幻想。

EN: They are pleasant slaves, in other words.
ZH_REF: 换言之，她们是情趣奴隶。
ZH_HYP: 换句话说,他们是奴隶的奴隶。

EN: Or to put it into 2017 parlance: handmaidens.
ZH_REF: 或者按 2017 年的通俗说法：使女。
ZH_HYP: 或者将它放入2017年的

EN: “The Great Wall” tells the story of a Chinese elite troop in ancient times that battled valiantly against the monster Taotie on the world renowned Great Wall of China.
ZH_REF: 《长城》讲述了在古代，一支中国精英部队为保卫人类，在举世闻名的长城上与怪兽饕餮进行生死决战的故事。
ZH_HYP: “长城”讲述了中国古代的中国精英的故事,在中国著名的中国城的著名的。

EN: Deng Chao said, “I won’t do the same thing over and over again in my acting career. I want to renew myself constantly.”
ZH_REF: 邓超表示，“在表演上，同样的事情我不会做的，要不断更新。”
ZH_HYP: 邓超说:“我在我的演艺生涯中不会再做同样的事情。

EN: Trump's great feat?
ZH_REF: 特朗普的伟大功绩？
ZH_HYP: 特朗普的伟大伟大?

EN: Making Mitt Romney seem the epitome of common sense
ZH_REF: 让米特?罗姆尼 (Mitt Romney) 成为常识的缩影
ZH_HYP: 使米特·罗姆尼成为常识的缩影

EN: It has become a truism of the Trump era that the political divisions that have polarised the US electorate have, on a micro-scale, torn families apart.
ZH_REF: 政治分歧带来美国选民的两极分化，而从微观角度来看，则破坏了美国家庭和睦。这对特朗普时代来说已经是见怪不怪了。
ZH_HYP: 特朗普时代的一个逃亡家庭分裂的政治分歧已经成为了一个的一个真理。

EN: Around Christmas and Thanksgiving, newspapers in the US abounded with advice columns on how to deal with the horror of Trump-voting relatives.
ZH_REF: 在圣诞节和感恩节前后，美国的各大报纸在评论专栏中充斥着如何应对票选特朗普亲属的恐惧。
ZH_HYP: 在圣诞节和感恩节,美国报纸在美国的报纸上,了如何处理特朗普投票的的的恐惧。

EN: We are all supposedly straining to burst our filter bubbles.
ZH_REF: 通常认为，我们正在竭尽全力刺破我们的“过滤泡沫”。
ZH_HYP: 我们都都会紧张,我们的过滤器泡沫.

EN: Less remarked on is the power of Trump to bring families together.
ZH_REF: 更少地发表意见的是特朗普将家人凝聚一起的力量。
ZH_HYP: 少许再说特朗普将家庭带在一起。

EN: I mention this because my cousin, a left-leaning poet who lives in Chicago and who's long been at loggerheads with Republicans in our family, has been visiting me in New York this week.
ZH_REF: 我提到这一点是因为我的堂姐，一位居住在芝加哥的左翼诗人，他与我们家中的共和党人长期不和，这一周他要来纽约拜访我。
ZH_HYP: 我之所以提到,是因为我的表妹,一位在芝加哥的的左倾的诗人,在我们的家人中,我一直在纽约。

EN: She reminded me that unity against a common enemy can have a powerful effect.
ZH_REF: 她提醒我，团结起来对抗共同的敌人可以产生强有力的效果。
ZH_HYP: 她提醒我,反对共同敌人的团结会有强大的效果。

EN: With Trump in the White House, everyone she knows, including the Republican sibling she had been bickering with about politics for decades, is suddenly and peculiarly on the same side.
ZH_REF: 由于和特朗普在白宫共事，她认识的所有人，甚至包括几十年来一直发生政治争吵的共和党人亲戚，现在突然而且奇怪地都站在同一条战线了。
ZH_HYP: 在白宫,特朗普知道的人,包括共和党人,她一直在政治上一直在争吵,但在同一方面。

EN: Around the dinner table this is surely a good thing; but it strikes me that, in a broader context, it carries significant risks.
ZH_REF: 如果都在餐桌的话，这当然是一件好事。但是让我感到震惊的是，从更广泛的角度来看，这会引起重大的风险。
ZH_HYP: 在餐桌上,这肯定是件好事,但我觉得在更广泛的环境下,它带来了巨大的风险。

EN: The left has been invigorated by Trump, but the warping effect of his presidency has the power to push us all rightwards.
ZH_REF: 虽然左派人物一直以来受到特朗普的怂恿，但是他担任总统带来的翘曲效应则推动我们全部向右转。
ZH_HYP: 左翼已经被特朗普的,但他的总统的的影响却有能力推动我们。

EN: When we talk about "normalisation" and Trump, we are referring to the scary possibility that his antics may one day cease to appal.
ZH_REF: 当我们谈论“正常化”和特朗普时，我们所指的是担忧的可能性，即他的古怪行为某天可能会停止。
ZH_HYP: 当我们谈论“正常化”和特朗普时,我们就会提到了他的的可能会停止。

EN: There is an even scarier long-range scenario, however, in which what Trump "normalises" are rightwing Republicans who, held up against his standards, suddenly seem the epitome of reasonable.
ZH_REF: 然而，还有一个更加令人担忧的长期场景，特朗普要“正常化”的是与右翼共和党人的关系，这些共和党人之前曾反对总统先生的标准，现在则突然间看起来成了理性的象征。
ZH_HYP: 然而,甚至有一个长的长程的情景,特朗普特朗普“正常”是共和党人,他反对他的标准,突然突然出现了。

EN: When Trump goes, the next Republican candidate will merely have to be sane to qualify as an immeasurable improvement.
ZH_REF: 特朗普时代过去后，下一任共和党候选人只需要理智地取得进行不可估量的改善的资格。
ZH_HYP: 当特朗普走时,下一个共和党候选人将被资格成为一个不可估量的改善。

EN: While my cousin was in town, we took our kids to the carousel in Central Park, the biggest of the carousels run by the New York parks department, and the best three bucks you can spend in the city if you don't require caffeine.
ZH_REF: 当我的堂姐住在镇上时，我们带着孩子去了纽约公园的旋转木马，这是由纽约中央公园管理部门经营的最大的旋转木马，如果你不需要咖啡的话，这三美元门票是你在这个城市最具消费价值的。
ZH_HYP: 我的表兄在城里,我们带着孩子们去了中央公园的的,,是纽约公园公园管理的最大的,如果你不需要咖啡,你最好的最好的。

EN: The horses are thunderously huge, the fibre-glass designs on the central cylinder - all gurning clowns and animals twisting to look over their own shoulders in terror - utterly sinister, and the tinkling music oddly transporting.
ZH_REF: 木马的声音如雷鸣般巨大，中央圆柱上为玻璃纤维设计，所有的小丑和动物扭过头，恐怖地和险恶看着自己的肩膀，而叮当作响的音乐则奇怪地响着。
ZH_HYP: 这些马是雷鸣般的,,在中央缸上的玻璃玻璃设计,所有的小丑和动物都会翻转,以恐怖的的,,而令人难以置疑的音乐。

EN: So many of the cliches of a city disappoint: views from tall buildings get old, skylines grow too familiar to offer much of a thrill, and the reality of the city doesn't live up to the dream.
ZH_REF: 太多庸俗的城市令人失望：从高楼大厦俯瞰的景观变得老套，天际线变得过于熟悉已经不能提供太多的刺激，而城市的现实并没有支撑起梦想。
ZH_HYP: 城市的许多点击都令人失望:高大的建筑的老旧,,太熟悉了,,城市的现实并没有达到梦想。

EN: Thirty-five years later and I'm still not entirely over the day I discovered Swiss Cottage is not, in fact, a Swiss cottage - the theme pub, Ye Olde Swiss Cottage, doesn't count - but a large roundabout in north London.
ZH_REF: 35 年后，我还没有完全忘记那天，我发现此“瑞士小屋”其实并不是瑞士小屋，而是一个位于主题酒吧“古老的瑞士小屋” (Ye Olde Swiss Cottage)，我记不清了，但在伦敦北部的一个交叉路口附近。
ZH_HYP: 35年后,我还没有完全在瑞士的小屋,瑞士小屋,主题小屋——这个主题的小屋——————————在伦敦北部的大圆形

EN: The Central Park carousel, however, is still a weirdly magical experience, to the extent that two two-year-olds, an 11-year-old and two women in their 40s can go on it and all have a great time.
ZH_REF: 然而，中央公园的旋转木马仍然是一个魔幻般的体验，对于两个 2 岁的孩子，一个11岁的孩子，和四个 40 来岁的两个女孩都可以参加的活动来说，每个人都玩得很开心。
ZH_HYP: 然而,中央公园的carouscentrel)仍然是个怪异的经历,两个两岁的岁的孩子,11岁的女性能在这两个岁的岁的时候都能继续

EN: If I could have rated the carousel I would have given it full marks, but thankfully nobody asked.
ZH_REF: 如果我能评价旋转木马，我会给它满分，但幸好没有人问到。
ZH_HYP: 如果我可以把这座的我就会给它留下了标记,但没有人问。

EN: In a department store this week, on the other hand, I was required, before swiping my credit card, to rate my transactional "experience" on a scale of one to five stars.
ZH_REF: 但本周在一家百货公司，在刷信用卡之前，我被要求对我的交易“体验”进行一到五星的评分。
ZH_HYP: 在本周的一家百货公司,我需要在信用卡前,以一个至五星级的“经验”。

EN: In the coffee shop at the corner of my street it's the same thing, plus the option to match the rating with a 15% tip - this for buying something over the counter.
ZH_REF: 在我街道角落的咖啡店里，也是如此，此外可以选择用 15％ 小费进行评分，这是为了在柜台上买东西。
ZH_HYP: 在我街角的咖啡店,这是一样的,还有选择与15%的的选择,这是买柜台买东西。

EN: The effect of this is not only to slow down what should be a neutral exchange, but to put pressure on the server to inject personality into a situation where none is required.
ZH_REF: 这样做的效果不仅在于减缓了本应该是中性交易的速度，而且给服务员带来压力，将个人因素加入到了不需要的情景。
ZH_HYP: 这的效果不仅是减缓应该是一个中立的交换,,而是要给服务器施加压力,以将个性注入到一个需要的情况。

EN: The poor woman in the department store stood grinning apologetically while, wearily, I gave the experience of handing her my credit card five stars.
ZH_REF: 这位百货商店里可怜的女人抱歉地笑着，而我则疲惫不堪，信用卡交易体验给她评了五星。
ZH_HYP: 百货公司的可怜的女人笑着地笑着,我我给了她的信用卡五星的的经验。

EN: Oscar Pistorius taken from jail to hospital with chest pains
ZH_REF: 奥斯卡·皮斯托利斯因胸痛从监狱转入医院
ZH_HYP: 奥斯卡手枪从胸部痛

EN: This is the second time Pistorius has left jail for a hospital visit.
ZH_REF: 这是皮斯托利斯第二次离开监狱转入医院。
ZH_HYP: 这是第二次手表因医院而留下的。

EN: Last year he was taken to the hospital for treatment to cuts on his wrists, which prison authorities said he sustained after falling in his cell.
ZH_REF: 去年他就被带到医院治疗手腕割伤，监狱官方称此伤是他在囚室中摔倒所致。
ZH_HYP: 去年,他被送往医院治疗,以治疗他的手腕,监狱当局说他在牢房里。

EN: Pistorius was convicted of murder after an appeal by prosecutors against an initial manslaughter verdict.
ZH_REF: 检察官对最初的误杀裁决提起上诉后，皮斯托利斯被判谋杀。
ZH_HYP: 检察官对最初的过失杀人的判决后被判定有罪。

EN: He killed Steenkamp in the early hours of Valentine's Day 2013 by shooting her multiple times through a toilet cubicle door at his Pretoria home.
ZH_REF: 2013 年情人节凌晨时分，他在其比勒陀利亚的家中透过厕所隔间门多次枪击斯廷坎普，至其死亡。
ZH_HYP: 他在2013年情人节的早期,他在比勒陀利亚家的一个厕所间门前向她开枪。

EN: Pistorius claimed he mistook his girlfriend for a nighttime intruder hiding in the cubicle.
ZH_REF: 皮斯托利斯声称将女友误认为夜间躲在隔间的闯入者。
ZH_HYP: 他的手枪声称他误会女友在隔间里躲在隔间。

EN: Prosecutors have announced their intention to appeal again, this time against Pistorius' six-year sentence, which they say is too lenient.
ZH_REF: 检察官已宣布他们有意再次上诉，此次是为针对皮斯托利斯的六年徒刑，他们认为该刑期太过仁慈。
ZH_HYP: 检察官宣布他们打算再次上诉,这次反对比比人的六年的判决。

EN: The National Prosecuting Authority said it will appeal to South Africa's Supreme Court, and the appeal could be heard this year.
ZH_REF: 国家检察署表示将向南非最高法院提起上诉，且此上诉可在今年审理。
ZH_HYP: 国家检察机关表示,将向南非最高法院提出上诉,并可在今年的上诉。

EN: Pistorius faces having his sentence increased to 15 years if prosecutors are successful.
ZH_REF: 如果检察官获胜，皮斯托利斯将面临增至 15 年的刑期。
ZH_HYP: 如果检察官成功,手ororororor面临的刑期已增加到15年。

EN: There is no death penalty in South Africa.
ZH_REF: 南非没有死刑。
ZH_HYP: 南非没有死刑。

EN: Given the general financial and economic environment, alcohol related e-commerce merchants are holding fast to upstream resources while actively planning their own brands so as to seek breakthroughs in performance.
ZH_REF: 财经大环境下，酒类电商为谋业绩突破，一方面紧抓上游资源，另一方面积极谋划自有品牌。
ZH_HYP: 鉴于经济和经济环境,与酒有关的电子商务商会迅速地快速地资源,,积极地自己的品牌,以寻求在绩效方面取得突破性。

EN: Chen Haifeng, a 26-year old actor with the Wenzhou Yue Opera Troupe, is the only female in the class who plays a painted face character.
ZH_REF: 26岁的温州越剧团演员陈海峰，是班上唯一的女花脸。
ZH_HYP: 陈海丰是一位26岁的温州歌剧团演员,是是唯一一个画画画画的女性。

EN: Two Bulgarians Were Detained For Illegal Camping in Greece
ZH_REF: 两名保加利亚人在希腊因非法露营被拘留
ZH_HYP: 两名保加利亚人因在希腊非法露营而被拘留

EN: Two Bulgarians were detained for illegal camping in Greece, the Foreign Affairs Ministry announced, quoted by bTV.
ZH_REF: bTV 援引外交部消息称，两名保加利亚人在希腊因非法露营被拘留。
ZH_HYP: 据英国广播公司援引,两名保加利亚人因非法入营而被拘留。

EN: A group of illegally camping people, including the two Bulgarians, was detained by the police in Sithonia in the morning of August 1.
ZH_REF: 8 月 1 日上午，锡索尼亚警方拘留了一群非法露营者，其中包括两名保加利亚人。
ZH_HYP: 一群非法营营的人,包括两名保加利亚人,于8月1日上午在西蒙尼亚被警察拘留。

EN: The same day they were released, while an investigation is currently underway.
ZH_REF: 拘留者当天被释放，调查目前仍在进行中。
ZH_HYP: 同一天,他们获释,而目前正在进行调查。

EN: The ministry of foreign affairs reported bTV that Bulgarians were later released.
ZH_REF: 外交部向 bTV 透露，两名保加利亚人随后被释放。
ZH_HYP: 外交部报告btv,后来被释放。

EN: The Greek authorities have tightened control over free camping and are already imposing serious fines on anyone who is caught resting in a place not intended for the purpose.
ZH_REF: 希腊当局加强了对随意露营的控制，并且会对任何在非指定露营地休息的人群处以巨额罚款。
ZH_HYP: 希腊当局已经加紧控制了自由营,并已对在一个没有目的的地方的人施加了严重的罚款。

EN: Checks will continue throughout the season.
ZH_REF: 巡查将会持续一季。
ZH_HYP: 整个赛季的检查将继续进行.

EN: The ministry said that the court may impose a fine.
ZH_REF: 外交部表示，法庭可能会对随意露营者处以罚款。
ZH_HYP: 该部说,法院可以处以罚款。

EN: On May 18, the Ministry of Finance issued the “Administrative Measures for Special Rewards and Subsidies for the Structural Adjustments of Industrial Enterprises”, and will arrange special rewards and subsidies amounting to a total of RMB100 billion to help advance reduction of overcapacity in the coal and steel industries.
ZH_REF: 5月18日财政部公布《工业企业结构调整专项奖补资金管理办法》，将安排专项奖补资金推动化解煤炭、钢铁行业的产能过剩，总金额为1000亿元。
ZH_HYP: 5月18日,财政部发布《《工业结构调整调整的行政措施》,并将安排1000亿元人民币的专项奖励和补贴,帮助推进煤炭和钢铁行业的过剩能力。

EN: Recently, many local governments including that of Shanghai, Shanxi, Shandong, Jiangsu and Heilongjiang have proposed reform opinions on reducing overcapacity.
ZH_REF: 近期上海、山西、山东、江苏、黑龙江等多个地方政府陆续提出了关于化解过剩产能的改革意见。
ZH_HYP: 最近,上海、山西、山东、江苏和黑龙江等地方政府就减少产能过剩提出了改革意见。

EN: In particular, many provinces have even proposed to actively lobby the Central Government for fiscal support to reduce overcapacity in their respective provinces.
ZH_REF: 其中，不少省份甚至提出，要积极争取中央财政对其省份的去产能财政支持。
ZH_HYP: 特别是,许多省份甚至建议积极游说中央政府支持,以减少其各省的过剩过剩。

EN: One proof is that the overcapacity reduction target for coal announced by a mere eight provinces already account for 90% of the coal overcapacity reduction plan nationwide.
ZH_REF: 一个佐证是，仅8个省份公布的煤炭去产能目标就站到全国煤炭减产计划的90%。
ZH_HYP: 其中一个证明是,仅有八个省省宣布的煤炭产能过剩指标已经占全国煤炭产能过剩的90%。

EN: In the detailed implementation rules for reducing surplus coal capacity issued recently by Shanxi Province, it was proposed that Shanxi Coking Coal Group should be restructured and transformed into a state-owned capital investment company, its assets and businesses should be reorganized and consolidated, and a new business model constructed.
ZH_REF: 山西省近期公布的煤炭去产能实施细则中提出将山西焦煤集团改组为国有资本投资公司，对企业的资产和业务进行重组整合，构建全新的商业模式。
ZH_HYP: 山西省最近发布的减少煤炭产能的详细实施细则,建议改改成国有资本投资公司,重组,资产和企业,重组和整合,建立新的商业模式。

EN: Nanfang Daily news (Reporter/Xie Qingyu) The reporter learned from the provincial environmental protection office today that the 2012 results of the environmental protection credit rating of key sources of pollution are being published.
ZH_REF: 南方日报讯（记者/谢庆裕）记者今日从省环保厅获悉，2012年广东省重点污染源环境保护信用评级结果正在进行公示。
ZH_HYP: 《南方报》记者/清清玉)记者今天从省级环保局获悉,2012年对主要污染源的环境保护信用评级的结果正在公布。

EN: Ratings showed that of the 1,251 enterprises listed on the environmental protection credit management register, 134 were not rated temporarily because of production stoppage, not having been checked and accepted, having been shut down, and/or other reasons.
ZH_REF: 经过评定，1251家列入环保信用管理名单企业中有134家因为停产、未验收、关停等原因暂不予评级。
ZH_HYP: 评级显示,在环保信用管理登记册上的1251家企业中,有134家没有暂时停用,而没有被关闭,并/或其他原因。

EN: Of the enterprises that would be rated with a red card, heavy polluters such as those involved in electroplating, printing and dyeing, and prevention and control dominate. A number of waste water treatment plants were also listed.
ZH_REF: 而在拟评红牌企业中，主要以电镀、印染、防治等重污染企业较多，一些污水处理厂也榜上有名。
ZH_HYP: 在红牌的的企业中,有大量的红牌,如电镀、印染、染染、控制,控制。

EN: The provincial environmental protection office said that in order to reflect the principles of openness, impartiality and fairness, it welcomes public supervision, and has publicly released the rating results on the website of the environmental protection office.
ZH_REF: 省环保厅表示，为体现公开、公平、公正的原则，接受公众监督，现将评级结果在环保厅网站公示。
ZH_HYP: 省环保局表示,为了反映公开、公正和公平的原则,它欢迎公众监督,并在环境保护办公室网站公布公布了评级结果。

EN: During the period when the results were publicly released, the environmental protection office received phone calls, letters, visits and many other forms of feedback from the public concerning such issues, which will be investigated, verified and dealt with by the environmental protection office.
ZH_REF: 公示期间，环保厅接受公众来电、来信、来访等多种形式反映问题，环保厅将对所反映的问题进行调查、核实和处理。
ZH_HYP: 在公布结果公布的期间,环境保护署收到公众对这些问题的电话、信件、访问及许多其他形式的反馈,这些形式由环境保护署负责调查、核实和处理。

EN: Climate change can destroy a large number of species in an irreversible manner, including resources and food that humans rely on for survival.
ZH_REF: 气候变化可能会以不可逆转的方式毁掉大量物种，包括那些人类赖以生存的资源和食物。
ZH_HYP: 气候变化可以以不可逆转的方式破坏大量物种,包括人类赖以生存的资源和食物。

EN: Wiens said that although heat will not directly exterminate species, it can help induce potentially hazardous factors.
ZH_REF: 韦恩斯表示，即使炎热不会直接杀死物种，也能够催生潜在危险因素。
ZH_HYP: wiens说,虽然热不会直接消灭物种,但它可以诱发潜在的危险因素。

EN: Wiens’ research also revealed that local extinction vary from region to region. Compared to regions with temperate climate, the probability of local extinction of species in tropical regions is doubled.
ZH_REF: 韦恩斯的研究还显示，本地灭绝因地区而不同，与温带地区相比，热带地区物种本地灭绝的几率会高1倍。
ZH_HYP: wiens的研究还显示,当地灭绝的地区,当地灭绝的概率则翻了一倍。

EN: As of November 30, 2016, Blackberry’s cash, cash equivalents, short-term and long-term investments amounted to US$1.6 billion.
ZH_REF: 截至2016年11月30日，黑莓拥有现金、现金等价物、短期和长期投资16亿美元。
ZH_HYP: 截至2016年11月30日,黑莓的现金、现金等价物、短期和长期投资为16亿美元。

EN: “Don’t litter. Throw your rubbish in the rubbish bins. Throwing things from a high altitude is very dangerous. We need to work together to create a beautiful home.”
ZH_REF: “垃圾不能随手扔，要放进垃圾桶里，高空抛物危害大，美好家园需要携手创造。”
ZH_HYP: “不要乱扔垃圾,扔垃圾桶扔垃圾桶,扔东西,很危险。我们需要一起努力,创造一个美丽的家。

EN: Yesterday, 11-year-old Luo Shiyu and her mother arrived at Sanxia Square, and distributed promotional brochures to passersby while picking up rubbish in the surroundings, hoping to create awareness among more people about protecting the environment.
ZH_REF: 昨日，11岁的罗诗雨和妈妈一起来到三峡广场，一边捡起周围的垃圾，一边向过往行人派发宣传单，希望唤起更多人保护环境的意识。
ZH_HYP: 昨天,11岁的罗奥·和她的母亲来到三峡广场,并向路人散发宣传小册子,希望在更多的人了解保护环境。

EN: Like Luo Shiyu’s family, volunteers from 106 families in 24 towns at Shapingba District took to the streets as “little environmental warriors”.
ZH_REF: 和罗诗雨家庭一样，来自沙坪坝区24个街镇的106个家庭的志愿者走上街头，担当“环保小卫士”。
ZH_HYP: 像罗伯的家庭一样,来自24个城镇的106个家庭的志愿者,“小环境勇士”。

EN: Next, they will also carry out voluntary cleaning in housing estates or speak about environmental protection in the homes of residents. According to the introduction, these activities, themed “Build hygienic cities - Pitch in your family”, will be continue until June 20.
ZH_REF: 接下来，他们还将在小区里义务开展清洁劳动，或者走进住户家里去宣讲环保。据介绍，此次活动的主题为“创卫·携手家庭齐上阵”，活动即日起到6月20日截止。
ZH_HYP: 其次,他们将在住宅内进行自愿清洁,或在居民住宅内谈论环保,根据这些活动,这些活动将是「在你家庭建设卫生」的工作」。

EN: Kvitova, who won the Wimbledon women's single champion twice, was attacked by a knife robber at her home in Prostejov, Czech Republic, causing her left hand wounded.
ZH_REF: 两届温网女单冠军科维托娃在捷克普罗斯捷约夫的家中遭到持刀盗贼的袭击，导致其左手受伤。
ZH_HYP: 在捷克共和国的普林特霍夫的,她的在捷克共和国的普罗夫的家中遭到了抢劫强盗袭击,她的左手受伤。

EN: Tsai Ing-wen also stated that she believed that the current Mainland Chinese leaders are rational decision makers. Any possibility of taking military action against Taiwan would not fall within the scope of consideration when making decisions at this time.
ZH_REF: 蔡英文还宣称，她相信今天中国大陆领导层应该是理性的决策者，任何对台动武的可能性，应该都不在现在的决策思考里面。
ZH_HYP: 蔡文还表示,目前中国大陆领导人是理性的决策者,任何可能采取军事行动的可能性都不属于考虑范围。

EN: A reporter asked whether the spokesperson would like to comment on Taiwan recently “sitting in” on a particular UN meeting via video conference.
ZH_REF: 有记者问，日前台湾方面通过视频在联合国某次会议上“蹭会”，发言人有何评论？
ZH_HYP: 一位记者问,发言人是否想通过视频会议对台湾台湾的“坐”发表评论。

EN: The degree of internationalization of the RMB has continued to increase, and will benefit global economic and financial stability and growth.
ZH_REF: 人民币国际化程度不断提高，将利好全球经济、金融的稳定与发展。
ZH_HYP: 人民币国际化程度继续增加,有利于全球经济和金融稳定与增长。

EN: Times Higher Education recently published the 14th World University Rankings. On a global basis, Oxford University remained the leader of the pack.
ZH_REF: 泰晤士高等教育日前发布了第14届年度世界大学排名，从全球范围来看，牛津大学依旧蝉联第一。
ZH_HYP: 《高等教育》最近公布了第14届世界大学排名,在全球基础上,牛津大学仍然是包装的的领导者。

EN: On the night of January 21, the 3rd “Jack Ma Rural Teachers Award” was held at the Shangri-La Hotel in Sanya, Hainan. One hundred rural teachers across the country won this honor.
ZH_REF: 1月21日晚，第三届“马云乡村教师奖”颁奖典礼在海南三亚香格里拉酒店举行，来自全国各个地区的100名乡村教师获此殊荣。
ZH_HYP: 1月21日晚,在三亚三“马农村教师奖””在海南三亚的商家举办,全国各地的农村教师赢得了荣誉。

EN: The Yellow River and the Yangtze River have become the cradle of ancient Chinese civilization.
ZH_REF: 黄河和长江两条大河成了中国古代文明的摇篮。
ZH_HYP: 黄河和长江已成为中国古代文明的摇篮.

EN: Elsewhere, insects carry foreign protein, and could easily cause allergies in some people.
ZH_REF: 另外，由于昆虫含有异体蛋白，对于有些人容易造成过敏。
ZH_HYP: 在其他地方,昆虫携带外国蛋白质,并且很容易引起一些人的敏。

EN: Based on one’s identity card number, and using advanced “face recognition” technology, it can authenticate one’s real name and identity.
ZH_REF: 它以身份证号为基础，并且采用了先进的“人脸识别”技术，可实现实名、实人身份认证。
ZH_HYP: 基于一个身份证号码,并使用先进的“脸识别”技术,它可以鉴定自己的真实姓名和身份。

EN: We also have to admit however, that in area of children’s books, particularly picture books, foreign imports account for a very large proportion.
ZH_REF: 但我们也得承认，在童书领域，尤其是图画书方面，国外引进书籍占据着很大比例。
ZH_HYP: 然而,我们也必须承认,在儿童书籍的地区,特别是书籍,外国进口占很大比例。

EN: In 2017, China’s total import and export of goods amounted to RMB27.79 trillion, up 14.2% year-on-year, reversing a declining trend in the last two consecutive years.
ZH_REF: 2017年我国货物贸易进出口总值27.79万亿元人民币，比2016年增长14.2%，扭转了此前连续两年下降的局面。
ZH_HYP: 2017年,中国的商品进出口总额为27.79亿元,同比14.2%,扭转了过去两年的下降趋势。

EN: Bian Zheng said that couplets became an Internet hit as a result, and that he was very surprised as well.
ZH_REF: 卞正坦言，对联因此走红网络，自己也很意外。
ZH_HYP: 他说,“夫妇的结果就成了互联网,他也非常惊讶。

EN: In the last few years, China’s scientific publications have grown rapidly, particularly in the computer science and engineering fields.
ZH_REF: 在过去几年里，中国的科学出版物快速增长，尤其在计算机科学和工程学领域。
ZH_HYP: 在过去几年中,中国的科学出版物迅速增长,尤其是在计算机科学和工程领域。

EN: Large-scale prevalence of plastic packaging have met society’s living habits of large scale production, large scale consumption and large scale disposals, but this has created an enormous burden on the environment and resources.
ZH_REF: 塑料包装的大规模普及迎合了现代社会大量生产、大量消费和大量遗弃的生活习惯，但也给环境和资源造成了极大的负担。
ZH_HYP: 大规模塑料包装的流行已经满足了社会大规模生产、大规模消费和大规模处置的生活习惯,但这给环境和资源造成了巨大的负担。

EN: As sexual harassment scandals in Hollywood came to light last October, women have set off a wave of anti-sexual harassment and anti-sexual harassment in the workplace.
ZH_REF: 去年10月，随着好莱坞性骚扰丑闻曝光，女性们掀起了反性侵、反职场性骚扰的热潮。
ZH_HYP: 由于去年10月在好莱坞的性骚扰丑闻,妇女们在工作场所开始了反性骚扰和性骚扰性骚扰。

EN: As a special organization protecting the interests of consumers, China Consumers Association met for talks with bike sharing enterprises in March and December this year.
ZH_REF: 作为消费者权益保护的专门组织，中国消费者协会今年3月份和12月份两次约谈了共享单车企业。
ZH_HYP: 作为消费者权益的特别组织,中国消费者协会于今年3月和12月与自行车分享企业会谈。

EN: The 48th World Economic Forum Annual Meeting will be held in Davos, Switzerland from the 23rd to the 26th, and the theme will be “Creating a Shared Future in a Fractured World”.
ZH_REF: 第４８届世界经济论坛年会将于２３日至２６日在瑞士达沃斯举行，年会主题为“在分化的世界中加强合作”。
ZH_HYP: 第48届世界经济论坛年会将于26日在瑞士达沃斯举行,主题是“在一个分裂的世界中创造共同未来”。

EN: Recently, Bluegogo, which ceased operation at one time, announced that users may directly use Bluegogo bikes via the Didi app, but this move was expressly opposed by the Shenzhen Transportation Committee.
ZH_REF: 最近，一度停止运营的小蓝单车宣布，用户可以通过滴滴APP直接使用小蓝单车，但是此举却受到深圳市交委的明确反对。
ZH_HYP: 最近,蓝戈ogogo宣布,用户可以通过迪迪亚公司直接使用蓝ogogogogogogogogo自行车,但深圳运输委员会却明确反对这一举措。

EN: In respect of conduct, upon investigation, found to be in violation of Security Council resolutions, China will mete out severe punishment in accordance with laws and regulations.
ZH_REF: 对任何经调查确属违反安理会决议的行为，中方都将依法依规作出严肃处罚。
ZH_HYP: 在行为行为,经调查发现违反安全理事会决议,中国将严厉处罚。

EN: Industry insiders believe that the sharing economy has already become an important component of China’s economic growth. The sharing economy may help accelerate the structural transformation of the entire society.
ZH_REF: 业内人士认为，共享经济已经成为中国经济发展的重要组成部分，共享经济可能会引发加速整个社会的转型。
ZH_HYP: 业内人士认为,共享经济已经成为中国经济增长的重要组成部分,共享经济可能有助于加快整个社会的结构转型。

EN: The latest data published by the National Bureau of Statistics revealed that the revenue of China’s food and beverage industry rose 10.7% year-on-year to RMB3,964.4 billion.
ZH_REF: 根据国家统计局最新发布的数据，2017年我国餐饮业收入39644亿元，同比增长10.7%。
ZH_HYP: 国家统计局公布的最新数据显示,中国食品和饮料行业的收入同比增长了10.7%,达到39644亿元人民币。

EN: Using this drug for 12 months after a heart attack episode can help reduce recurrence of stroke or heart attack.
ZH_REF: 这种药物在心脏病发作后持续服用12个月，可降低中风或心脏病再次发作的风险。
ZH_HYP: 在心脏病发作后12个月后使用这种药物可以帮助减少中风或心脏病发作的复发.

EN: She said that China will always advance steadfastly along the path of peaceful growth, always practice defensive national defense policies, and will also always be a builder of world peace, a contributer to global development, and a protector of international order. This is universally recognized by the international community.
ZH_REF: 她说,中国始终不渝走和平发展道路，始终奉行防御性的国防政策，始终是世界和平的建设者、全球发展的贡献者、国际秩序的维护者，这是国际社会有目共睹的。
ZH_HYP: 她说,中国将始终沿着和平增长的道路前进,始终奉行防御性国防政策,也将始终是世界和平的建设者,国际社会普遍承认。

EN: China’s first locally produced aircraft carrier may undergo its first trial at sea in February or March 2018
ZH_REF: 中国首艘国产航母或将在2018年2月或3月进行首次海上试航
ZH_HYP: 中国最早的本地生产航空母舰可能在2018年2月或3月进行首次试航

EN: Yellow fever is an acute contagious disease caused by the yellow fever virus, and is spread through mosquito bites. It is prevalent in tropical regions in Africa and Latin America.
ZH_REF: 黄热病是一种由黄热病病毒引起的急性传染病，由蚊子叮咬传播，主要在非洲和拉丁美洲热带地区流行。
ZH_HYP: 黄热病是黄热病,由黄热病病毒引起,它在非洲和拉丁美洲的热带地区普遍存在。

EN: Weather forecast indicates that the maximum temperature in Northeastern Japan could fall below zero degree Celsius on the 22nd, and to 5 degrees Celsius in the Kantō region. It is the coldest week in Japan since winter began.
ZH_REF: 天气预报显示，日本东北地区22日最高气温可能降至摄氏零度以下，关东地区亦会降至5度左右，是日本入冬最冻的一个星期。
ZH_HYP: 天气预报显示,日本东北地区最大温度可能在22度以下,而在冬季的5摄氏度,日本的最寒冷的一周。

EN: Confronted with the rise of “anti-globalization” and protectionism in some countries, Chen Fengying said that there are a number of globalization methods. The “Belt and Road” Initiative is also a method of globalization.
ZH_REF: 面对部分国家出现的“逆全球化”和贸易保护主义倾向，陈凤英说，全球化有各种方式，“一带一路”也是全球化的一种方式。
ZH_HYP: 陈陈先生在一些国家的“全球化”和保护主义抬头,陈陈丰说,全球化的方法是全球化的一种。

EN: It was also understood that the last fisherman to have fallen into the sea was successfully rescued at 4:40, and was brought to shore for treatment by the Hong Kong Government Flying Service.
ZH_REF: 另获悉，在4时40分，最后一名落水渔民被成功救起，并由香港救助直升机接至岸上救治。
ZH_HYP: 另一个人的理解是,最后一个渔民已成功地获救,并被香港政府的的服务。

EN: In 2005, approximately 25% of deaths resulting from global air pollution occurred in India.
ZH_REF: 2015年，全球空气污染致死案例中约有25%发生在印度。
ZH_HYP: 2005年,全球空气污染造成的死亡约25%。

EN: Issues that exist in French-German relations also reflected differences in the underlying economic growth of the two countries.
ZH_REF: 法德关系存在的问题也体现了两国潜藏的经济发展观差异。
ZH_HYP: 法国-德关系中存在的问题也反映了两国的经济增长。

EN: China-Africa cooperation projects have created jobs in Africa, and has also brought technology transfer and knowledge sharing to the continent.
ZH_REF: 中非合作项目给非洲带去就业，也带去技术转移和知识分享。
ZH_HYP: 中非合作项目在非洲创造了就业机会,也给非洲带来了技术转让和知识共享。

EN: In a small random survey by a reporter, 11 retired employees who were interviewed revealed that only two were still working. The other nine said that they would spend some time to help look after children, but would also go traveling or develop their interests and hobbies if they have the time.
ZH_REF: 在记者的一项随机小调查中，11位受访退休人员仅有2人还在工作；另有9名老人表示会有部分时间帮助照看孩子，但有时间也会出去旅游或者发展兴趣爱好。
ZH_HYP: 在一位记者进行的随机调查中,11名被采访的雇员透露,只有两名员工在工作,另外9名表示他们会花时间去照顾孩子,但如果有时间,他们会去旅游或

EN: Nominations for the 90th Academy Awards will be officially announced on January 23, after which Hollywood’s annual most eye-catching “Oscar Time” will commence.
ZH_REF: 第90届奥斯卡奖即将于1月23日公布正式提名名单，好莱坞一年一度最吸引眼球的“奥斯卡时间”随之开启。
ZH_HYP: 第90届奥斯卡奖提名将于1月23日正式宣布,好莱坞年度最引人注目的“奥斯卡时间”。

EN: Waste incineration and air quality are closely correlated. Conscientiously classifying waste is a channel for improving the atmospheric environment.
ZH_REF: 垃圾焚烧与空气质量密切相关，做好垃圾分类是改善大气环境的渠道之一。
ZH_HYP: 废物焚烧和空气质量密切相关,是改善大气环境的渠道。

EN: Haikou and Sanya separately commenced cruise tours to Vietnam and the Philippines in December 2017
ZH_REF: 海口、三亚分别于2017年12月开通至越南、菲律宾邮轮旅游航线
ZH_HYP: 2017年12月,海口和三亚分别前往越南和菲律宾

EN: This study was conducted by the Australian National University. The full results were published in this month’s UK based “Scientific Reports” magazine.
ZH_REF: 这项研究由澳大利亚国立大学开展，完整结果发表在本月的英国《科学报告》杂志上。
ZH_HYP: 这项研究由澳大利亚国立大学进行,结果在本月的英国的“科学报告”杂志上发表。

EN: As a result of global warming, a number of island states in the Pacific Ocean have seen their land and water resources that residents depend on for survival engulfed by rising sea levels.
ZH_REF: 在南太平洋一些岛国，由于全球变暖，不断上升的海平面，吞噬着居民赖以生存的土地和水源。
ZH_HYP: 由于全球变暖,太平洋一些岛屿国家看到了其土地和水资源,居民依靠依靠海平面上升的生存。

EN: CEO Huang Jiajia expressed that their strategy for the next 5 years is to provide the world’s best learning materials to the children in China.
ZH_REF: CEO黄佳佳表示，将全球最佳的学习资源带给中国的孩子们是他们未来五年的战略。
ZH_HYP: 首席执行长黄家家家表示,他们未来5年的战略是向中国儿童提供最佳学习材料。

EN: A Beijing Morning Post reporter experienced the inaugural operation of this train. The first batch of passengers on the trial ride were impressed by the spacious carriage, comfortable seats, as well as charging sockets and WiFi equipment on this suburban railway.
ZH_REF: 北京晨报记者对首开的这趟列车进行体验，宽敞的空间、舒适的座椅，以及充电插口、WiFi的设备，都让这条市郊铁路受到首批试乘乘客的好评。
ZH_HYP: 北京北京的记者在这一火车上的首批乘客对这一火车的开动,在这一的车厢里,了车厢、舒适座位以及在这郊铁路上的设备

EN: Ireland President Michael Higgins issued a statement that said, “She and The Cranberries had an immense influence on rock and pop music in Ireland and internationally. Her death will be a big loss.”
ZH_REF: 爱尔兰总统迈克尔• 希金斯发表声明称：“她和小红莓乐队给爱尔兰乃至世界摇滚音乐带来了深远的影响，她的逝世是一次莫大的损失。”
ZH_HYP: 爱尔兰总统希金斯发表了一份声明,说:“她和和国际上的摇滚乐对爱尔兰和国际流行音乐产生了巨大的影响。

EN: We also held an 80th National Memorial Day ceremony as well as a national public ceremony in memory of the victims of the Nanjing Massacre to always remember history and to pray for peace.
ZH_REF: 我们还举行了纪念全民族抗战爆发80周年仪式和南京大屠杀死难者国家公祭仪式，以铭记历史、祈愿和平。
ZH_HYP: 我们还举行了80纪念日纪念日仪式,以及纪念南京大屠杀的受害者,纪念南京屠杀的受害者,始终记得历史和为和平祈祷。

EN: Recently, a father in Australia actually hired a helicopter to search for his missing son. In the end, he successfully rescued his son who drove into some bushes.
ZH_REF: 近日，澳大利亚的一名父亲为了搜寻失踪的儿子，竟然雇佣了一架直升机，最终成功救出开车冲到灌木丛中的儿子。
ZH_HYP: 最近,澳大利亚的一位父亲雇了一架直升机寻找他失踪的儿子,最终成功地把他的儿子救进了灌木丛。

EN: Just as Merkel once said in May 2017: “To a certain extent, the era of depending 100% on another country for survival is over. Europeans should hold their fate in their own hands.”
ZH_REF: 正如2017年5月默克尔曾说过：“某种程度上讲，我们百分百依靠别国而活的时代已经过去了，欧洲人应当把命运掌握在自己手中。”
ZH_HYP: 正如默克尔在2017年5月所说的那样:“在一定程度上,以100%的生存生存为生存而生存的时代已经结束。

EN: In terms of industry regional application, the BeiDou System was already extensively used in the public security, transportation, fishery, power, forestry, disaster relief and other industries. It was serving the building of smart cities and social governance, displaying benefits of scale.
ZH_REF: 在行业区域应用方面，北斗系统已在公安、交通、渔业、电力、林业、减灾等行业得到广泛使用，正服务于智慧城市建设和社会治理，显现规模化效益。
ZH_HYP: 在工业区域应用方面,北斗系统已经广泛应用于公共安全、运输、渔业、林业、救灾和其他行业,为智能型城市和社会治理,展示规模效益。

EN: Although the prize money was generous, whether world snooker can really recognize the international position of the China Open remains questionable.
ZH_REF: 但尽管奖金丰厚，世界斯诺克能否真正认可中国公开赛的国际地位，还值得怀疑。
ZH_HYP: 尽管奖金是慷慨的,但世界斯诺克人是否真的能承认中国的国际地位。

EN: For the whole of 2017, Hainan welcomed 67.45 million tourists, and realized total tourism revenue of RMB81.199 billion. In particular, inbound tourists exceeded 1 million for the first time.
ZH_REF: 2017年全年海南接待游客6745万人次，实现旅游总收入811.99亿元，其中入境游客量首次突破百万人次。
ZH_HYP: 海南2017年全年游客达6745万,旅游收入为811.99亿元,特别是入住游客的游客超过100万。

EN: A study by University of Maryland economist Craig Garthwaite revealed that during the 2008 Democratic Party primary election, Oprah’s political donation helped bring about 1 million votes to Obama.
ZH_REF: 马里兰大学经济学家克雷格·加斯韦特的一项研究显示，在2008年民主党党内选举阶段，奥普拉的政治捐助为奥巴马带来了约100万张选票。
ZH_HYP: 马里兰大学经济学家克雷格·加特维特(craiggarthwaite)的一项研究显示,在2008年民主党的主要选举期间,奥普拉的政治捐赠给

EN: The World Wide Fund for Nature headquartered in Switzerland said that the decision by China will have enormous impact and will help further contain the illegal slaughtering and trafficking trends of African elephants.
ZH_REF: 总部设在瑞士的世界自然基金会表示，中国这一决定影响巨大，有利于进一步遏制非洲象遭受非法屠杀和贩运的趋势。
ZH_HYP: 总部设在瑞士的世界自然基金会说,中国的决定将产生巨大的影响,并将进一步遏制非洲大象的非法屠杀和贩运趋势。

EN: Despite uncertainties and instability in the world today, Chile has expressed willingness to strengthen coordination and cooperation with China, to jointly adhere to multilateralism and free trade, and to jointly deal with terrorism, climate change and other global challenges.
ZH_REF: 在当今世界充满不确定性和不稳定性情况下，智方愿同中方加强协调与合作，共同坚持多边主义和自由贸易，共同应对恐怖主义、气候变化等全球性挑战。
ZH_HYP: 尽管当今世界存在不确定性和不稳定,智利表示愿意加强与中国的协调与合作,共同应对恐怖主义、气候变化和其他全球挑战。

EN: Recent reports claimed that a Chinese ship was alleged to have transferred oil to a North Korean vessel in international waters.
ZH_REF: 近日有报道称，一艘中国船只涉嫌在公海向朝鲜船只输送石油。
ZH_HYP: 最近的报告称,一艘中国船只将国际水域的一艘船只。

EN: A capsized Chinese fishing vessel was found in the waters west of South Korea on the 21st. South Korean coast guard is diligently engaged in the search and rescue operation.
ZH_REF: 韩国以西海域21日发现一艘倾覆的中国渔船，韩国海警正在全力展开搜救。
ZH_HYP: 在南朝鲜21日,南朝鲜海岸警卫队在南朝鲜西海域发现了一艘被倾覆的中国渔船。

EN: In the last decade, global Internet penetration rate has risen from 21.7% to 48.8%. In developing countries, the growth rate of the Internet penetration rate is double that of developed countries.
ZH_REF: 过去十年，全球互联网普及率从21.7%提到到48.8%，发展中国家的互联网普及率增速更是发达国家的两倍。
ZH_HYP: 在过去十年,全球互联网普及率已从21.7%上升到48.8%,在发展中国家,互联网普及率是发达国家的两倍。

EN: In recent years, parents have placed increasing emphasis on reading by children. This is good news.
ZH_REF: 近年来，家长们越来越重视儿童阅读，这是一件好事。
ZH_HYP: 近年来,父母越来越重视阅读,这是好消息。

EN: This is the second institution of higher learning jointly established by a US$130 million donation by the Li Ka Shing Foundation. With effect from next year, the Foundation will commit another RMB2 billion to build Shantou University.
ZH_REF: 该校为李嘉诚基金会捐资1.3亿美元合作筹建的第二所高校，而李嘉诚基金会明年起将再投资20亿元(人民币，下同)建设汕头大学。
ZH_HYP: 这是李嘉诚基金会的1.3亿美元的捐款,由李嘉诚基金会资助,明年将再投入20亿元,以汕头大学。

EN: However, he also gradually became aware that he was unable to make a contribution commensurate with this “honor” to his hometown.
ZH_REF: 但是，他也逐渐意识到，自己并未能为家乡作出能够配得上这份“荣耀”的贡献。
ZH_HYP: 然而,他也逐渐意识到,他无法与这一“荣誉””相称。

EN: In particular, the outcome of the `handling of two human-auto collision in 2017 attracted widespread attention.
ZH_REF: 其中，2017年发生的两起人车相撞交通事故处理结果受到人们广泛关注。
ZH_HYP: 特别是,2017年"两辆人自动碰撞"的结果引起了广泛的关注。

EN: I grew up in rural China in the 1970s and 1980s, and can fully appreciate how important product safety is to an e-commerce platform that aims to serve thousands of households.
ZH_REF: 我成长于上世纪70、80年代的中国农村，深知产品安全对于一个志在服务于千家万户的电商平台是多么重要。
ZH_HYP: 我在1970年代和1980年代在中国农村长大,能够充分了解产品安全是如何为成千上万的家庭服务平台。

EN: In the future, Chinese enterprises hope to carry out even more extensive cooperation with Israel in terms of railway, light rail, ports, aviation and other construction projects.
ZH_REF: 未来中企有望在铁路、轻轨、港口、航空等建设项目上与以色列开展更加广泛的合作。
ZH_HYP: 今后,中国企业希望在铁路、轻轨、港口、航空等建设项目等方面开展更广泛的合作。

EN: The World Health Organization warned São Paulo state that the risk of infection was high, and reminded visiting foreign tourists to be vaccinated 10 days before going there.
ZH_REF: 世界卫生组织前不久警告圣保罗州染病风险高，提醒前往那里的外国游客提前10天接种疫苗。
ZH_HYP: 世界卫生组织警告圣保罗说,感染的风险很高,并提醒外国旅游者在前往10天。

EN: To this end, the association is urging Americans to take the necessary precautions to avoid spreading the flu and to take care of their own health and that of others.
ZH_REF: 为此，该协会正敦促美国人采取必要的预防措施，以避免传播流感，保护自己和他人的健康。
ZH_HYP: 为此,该协会敦促美国采取必要的预防措施,避免传播流感,照顾自己的健康和他人的健康。

EN: The Confucius Institute at University of Sarajevo, officially established in 2015, is the first Confucius Institute in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
ZH_REF: 萨拉热窝大学孔子学院于２０１５年正式成立，是波黑的第一所孔子学院。
ZH_HYP: 2015年正式成立的萨拉热窝大学是波斯尼亚和黑塞哥维那的第一个孔子学院。

EN: Chronic total occlusion is described as the “last fortress” of interventional therapy in coronary heart disease. The surgery success rate is around 70%.
ZH_REF: 冠状动脉慢性完全闭塞病变（CTO）被喻为冠心病介入治疗的“最后堡垒”，手术成功率70%左右。
ZH_HYP: 慢性总阻塞被称为冠心病介入治疗的最后堡垒”,手术成功率约为70%。

EN: It is understood that this organization is primarily active in Kashmir, and has always worked hard to try to separate this region from India.
ZH_REF: 据悉，该组织主要在克什米尔地区内活动，并一直努力将这一地区从印度分离出去。
ZH_HYP: 据了解,本组织主要在克什米尔活动,一直努力努力将该地区与印度分开。

EN: It is precisely because of this that some have lamented that not everyone who has a big pair of eyes is as fortunate as Su Mingjuan. All those who have worked hard would not have successfully gone on the counterattack.
ZH_REF: 正因如此，有人感叹，并不是每一个长了一双大眼睛的人都能有像苏明娟一样的幸运，所有努力的人，未必都能逆袭成功。
ZH_HYP: 正是因为这样,有些人已经哀叹,没有一双大眼睛的人都像苏明jujan一样幸运。

EN: Arriving at the mission area, the medical team carried out multiple emergency missions such as rescuing injured members of the Pakistani peacekeeping force.
ZH_REF: 抵达任务区以来，医疗分队先后执行了抢救巴基斯坦维和友军伤员等多项紧急任务。
ZH_HYP: 医疗队抵达任务地区,进行了多次紧急任务,如救命人员。

EN: French President Macron sent the video on social media website Twitter on the 21st.
ZH_REF: 法国总统马克龙21日在社交媒体网站推特上发布了该视频。
ZH_HYP: 法国总统马克龙在社交媒体网站上推特。

EN: The World Health Organization claimed that although cases of the Zika virus has been reported in Mainland China, local mosquito-to-human transmission has yet to be discovered.
ZH_REF: 世界卫生组织称，中国大陆虽已有寨卡病毒病例输入，但是尚未发现存在从蚊子到人的本地传染。
ZH_HYP: 世界卫生组织声称,虽然在中国大陆报告了报告了zika病毒的病例,但当地的蚊子传播尚未发现。

EN: During those four years, his only hobby was to travel during the weekends and meet friends from all over the country
ZH_REF: 在那四年里面，他唯一的乐趣就是利用周末外出旅游，结识全国各地的朋友
ZH_HYP: 在这四年里,他唯一的爱好是在周末旅行,并与全国各地的朋友

EN: Relevant persons from the Korea’s Ministry of Environment also said that there is currently neither joint research results nor definitive authoritative information on the impact of China’s haze on Korea. Therefore, it is unable to direct accuse China.
ZH_REF: 韩国环境部相关人士也表示，关于中国雾霾对韩国的影响，现在既没有共同研究结果，也没有确切权威资料，因此无法直接指责中方。
ZH_HYP: 韩国环境部的相关人士还说,目前既没有联合研究结果,也没有关于中国的影响的权威权威性信息。

EN: As of June 2016, 114 lunar explorations and 43 Mars explorations had been carried out worldwide.
ZH_REF: 截至2016年6月，全球共进行了114次月球探测，43次火星探测。
ZH_HYP: 截至2016年6月,在全世界进行了114次月球探测和43个火星探测。

EN: Currently, the share of China’s traditional industrial economy, which includes energy, transportation, telecommunication, and general services, is still above 70%. This has direct concerns on the national economy and people’s livelihood.
ZH_REF: 中国目前传统产业经济的比重仍然是70%以上，包括能源、运输、电信、一般服务业，直接关注到国计民生。
ZH_HYP: 目前,中国传统的工业经济包括能源、交通、电信和一般服务,仍超过70%,这对国民经济和人民的生计也有直接的关注。

EN: At this time, hard work between China and ASEAN has led to continued improvement in the situation in the South China Sea.
ZH_REF: 当前，在中国和东盟国家的共同努力下，南海局势不断趋稳向好。
ZH_HYP: 目前,中国与东盟的艰苦工作,导致南海局势的改善。

EN: According to news on the Ministry of Foreign Affairs website, on December 27, 2017, Minister of Foreign Affairs Wang Yi attended the 2017 National Conference of Directors of Local Foreign Affairs Offices at Shijiazhuang, Hebei Province, and made a report.
ZH_REF: 据外交部网站消息，2017年12月27日，外交部长王毅出席在河北省石家庄市举行的2017年全国地方外办主任会议并作报告。
ZH_HYP: 外交部外交部网站上,2017年12月27日,外交部部长王毅出席了河北省石家庄的地方外交事务主任会议,并提出了报告。

EN: Born in 1989, he left Chongqing seven years to study in Melbourne.
ZH_REF: 1989年出生的他，7年前从重庆来到墨尔本留学。
ZH_HYP: 1989年出生,他离开重庆7年。

EN: In 2017, fixed asset investment in China’s education sector exceeded RMB1 trillion, and growth rate was 20.2%. The absolute quantity exceeded investment in the mining industry for the first time.
ZH_REF: 2017年，我国在教育方面的固定资产投资过万亿元，增速达到20.2%，绝对量首次超过采矿业投资。
ZH_HYP: 2017年,中国教育部门固定资产投资超过1万亿美元,而增长为20.2%,绝对数量首次超过了矿业的投资。

EN: In addition, China and France are also committed to carrying out cooperation in space exploration, and said that they would embark on a series of cooperation in the areas of near-earth orbit, unmanned and manned probes on the Moon and Mars.
ZH_REF: 此外，中法双方还将致力于空间探索领域开展合作，表示未来会在近地轨道、月球及火星的无人及载人探测领域开展一系列合作。
ZH_HYP: 此外,中国和法国还致力于开展空间探索方面的合作,并说,将在近地轨道、无人和火星上探测探测器。

EN: At the carnival, in addition to being able to shop for the agricultural produce of their choice, residents can also visit the special selection of local fresh agricultural produce and fish fry on display at the exhibition area.
ZH_REF: 在嘉年华的现场，市民们除了可以选购心仪的农产品之外，还可参观展览区展出的本地特选新鲜农作物及幼鱼。
ZH_HYP: 在嘉年华,除了能够为选择的农产品选择的农产品,,还可在展览地区展示的当地新鲜农产品及鱼苗。

EN: The World Meteorological Organization recently indicated that extreme global weather conditions in 2017 resulted in losses of US$330 billion.
ZH_REF: 世界气象组织日前表示，2017年全球极端气候造成的损失高达3300亿美元。
ZH_HYP: 世界气象组织最近表示,2017年全球极端天气状况造成3300亿美元。

EN: “Chinese caviar” not only made it to the first class cabin in Lufthansa, it also made an appearance at the Oscars’ dinner banquet, as well as the dinner banquet of the welcoming ceremony of the G20 Hangzhou Summit.
ZH_REF: “中国鱼子酱”不仅登上德国汉莎航空头等舱，还亮相奥斯卡晚宴、出现在G20杭州峰会欢迎晚宴上。
ZH_HYP: “中国鱼子”不仅是在汉莎的第一舱舱,也在奥斯卡宴会上出现了,也是200杭州峰会欢迎宴宴宴。

EN: On June 28, 2016, “ISIS” terrorist attacked a bar in Selangor, Malaysia with a hand grenade, injuring eight people. This was Malaysia’s first terrorist attack.
ZH_REF: 2016年6月28日，“伊斯兰国”恐怖分子用手榴弹袭击了位于马来西亚雪兰莪州的一间酒吧，造成8人受伤。这是马来西亚遭受的首起恐怖袭击事件。
ZH_HYP: 2016年6月28日,“伊斯兰国”恐怖分子袭击了马来西亚塞兰兰的一家酒吧,手榴弹,8人受伤,这是马来西亚首批恐怖袭击。

EN: Wang Lei disclosed that starting a medical healthcare company is more challenging when compared to other sectors. “This is not just about making money. You must be patient and get used to loneliness to do this properly.”
ZH_REF: 王磊坦言，医疗健康创业会比其他行业要难，“这不仅仅是有多少钱的事情，还要沉得下心，耐得住寂寞慢慢去做。”
ZH_HYP: 王磊透露,与其他部门相比,医疗公司的工作更有挑战性。

EN: These problems have attracted the attention of relevant departments, and have also triggered discussions by the outside word as to whether enterprises going abroad should be restricted.
ZH_REF: 这些问题引起了有关部门的重视，也引起了外界对于是否限制企业走出去的各种议论。
ZH_HYP: 这些问题引起了有关部门的关注,并引起了外部的讨论。

EN: It is understood that financial document smart products based on the most advanced AI technology will significantly increase the efficiency of financial practitioners.
ZH_REF: 据了解，基于人工智能最前沿技术的金融文档智能产品将大大提高金融从业人的工作效率。
ZH_HYP: 据了解,基于最先进的人工智能技术的金融产品将大大提高金融从业者的效率。

EN: Lu Kang emphasized on the 20th that China has indisputable sovereignty over Huangyan Island and nearby waters.
ZH_REF: 陆慷在20日强调，中国对黄岩岛及其附近海域拥有无可争辩的主权。
ZH_HYP: 陆康强调20日强调,中国对黄黄岛和附近水域拥有无可争议的主权。

EN: Statistics reveal that fom the Fall of Pinjin to August 1938, the majority of China’s 108 institutions of higher learning were damaged by Japanese bombs. In particular, 10 were completely destroyed, while 25 were forced to cease operations as a result.
ZH_REF: 据统计，从平津陷落到1938年8月，中国的108所高等学校，绝大部分遭到日军轰炸破坏，其中10所完全被破坏，25所院校因此被迫停办。
ZH_HYP: 据统计,1938年8月的中国的108个高等院校中,大部分被日本炸弹炸毁,特别是10个被完全摧毁,25个被迫停止行动。

EN: As unmanned vehicles become more prevalent, more customers have come to enjoy taking part in aerial pictures of promotional videos or films.
ZH_REF: 随着无人机的普及，越来越多客户喜欢在宣传片或者电影中加入航拍画面。
ZH_HYP: 随着无人驾驶车辆变得更加普遍,越来越多的客户加入了宣传视频或电影。

EN: Hemingway once liken writing to the tip of an iceberg. There is enormous implications to be found under the sea.
ZH_REF: 海明威曾将写作比作海上的冰山，在海面以下还有大量的蕴含。
ZH_HYP: 海明威曾经写了冰山的小角,在海下有巨大的影响。

EN: Convolutional neural network has strong characteristic extraction ability. It is widely used in areas such as image classification recognition, and target tracking.
ZH_REF: 卷积神经网络，拥有强大的特征提取能力，使其在图像分类识别、目标跟踪等领域运用广泛。
ZH_HYP: 卷积神经网络具有强大的特征提取能力,在图像分类识别等领域得到广泛应用.

EN: The famous “human genome project” is based on first generation sequencing technology. A complete human genome code took more than 10 years to sequence. With the existing second generaion sequencing technology, the time taken would shrink to less than half a day.
ZH_REF: 大名鼎鼎的“人类基因组计划”基于1代测序技术，耗时十余年测出一套完整的人类基因组密码，而利用现有的2代测序技术，这个时间可以缩短到半天内。
ZH_HYP: 人类基因组的“人类基因组”是基于第一代序技术,完整的人类基因组编码已经达到10年,而现有的第二代序列序技术,所需时间将减少到半天。

EN: Despite the language barrier, with the help of translated subtitles, European audiences would be able to understand “Tang Xianzu”.
ZH_REF: 虽然有语言障碍，但借助字幕翻译，欧洲观众也可以看懂《汤显祖》。
ZH_HYP: 尽管语言障碍,在翻译字幕的帮助下,欧洲观众将能够理解“唐””。

EN: As supply-side structural reform is furthered, the share of value-added from the services sector in China accounted for 51.6% of GDP in 2017, and contributed 58.8% to GDP growth. The services sector remained the economy’s primary impetus.
ZH_REF: 随着供给侧结构性改革深入推进，2017年，我国服务业增加值占GDP比重为51.6%，对经济增长贡献率为58.8%，服务业稳居经济第一拉动力。
ZH_HYP: 随着供应方的结构改革,中国服务业2017年占国内生产总值的51.6%,国内生产总值的58.8%,服务业部门仍然是经济的主要动力。

EN: The two main suspects of the case are a 25 year-old Indonesian woman and a 28 year-old Vietnamese woman; they were charged with murder on Wednesday.
ZH_REF: 此案两名主要嫌疑人，25岁的印度尼西亚女子和28岁的越南女子星期三受到谋杀指控。
ZH_HYP: 这两名主要案件的两名主要嫌疑犯是一名25岁的印尼妇女和一名28岁的越南妇女;他们被指控犯有谋杀罪。

EN: Fernando Chui, Chief Executive of Macau SAR said on the 12th that the constitution is the fundamental law of the country. It is the highest legal basis for “one country two systems”. It is also the basis for the founding of Macau SAR.
ZH_REF: 澳门特别行政区行政长官崔世安12日表示，宪法是国家的根本大法，是“一国两制”的最高法律依据，也是澳门特区的立区基础。
ZH_HYP: 澳门特区行政长官费尔南多?

EN: It is understood that there are more than 3000 stay-at-home children in Central and Western Huangyan. Most live at home with their aging grandparents. As their parents need to earn a living away from home, they can only see their parents once a year.
ZH_REF: 据悉，黄岩中西部共有留守儿童3000余名，大多数在家与年迈的爷爷奶奶一起生活，因为父母需要外出务工挣钱，他们甚至一年只能见上父母一面。
ZH_HYP: 据了解,黄黄岩的有3000多名留在家的儿童,他们的父母需要挣钱,父母就只能在父母的父母一年。

EN: Meanwhile, resolving the current predicament of a lack of land and talent in Hong Kong will take time.
ZH_REF: 同时，目前香港土地及人才短缺的困局，需要更多时间解决。
ZH_HYP: 同时,解决香港缺乏土地和人才的的问题。

EN: International academic circles have disputed issues pertaining to the origin of birds for more than a century. However, such past disputes lack fossil evidence.
ZH_REF: 有关鸟类起源问题，国际学术界已争论了100多年，但以往这些争论都缺少化石证据。
ZH_HYP: 国际学术界有争议的问题与鸟类的起源有关的争议,但这种过去的争议却缺乏化石证据。

EN: China has always respected the sovereignty and independence of Cambodia, and firmly supports the path of development taken by Cambodia which is compatible to the national conditions of the country.
ZH_REF: 中国始终尊重柬埔寨的主权和独立，坚定支持柬埔寨走符合本国国情的发展道路。
ZH_HYP: 中国一贯尊重柬埔寨的主权和独立,坚定支持柬埔寨的发展道路。

EN: Japan was affected by a strong earthquake this week, which resulted in a shortage of automobile parts and components. Honda, Nissan and other auto manufacturers said today that their will cut production, and even suspend local auto production.
ZH_REF: 日本本周遭强烈地震侵袭造成汽车零组件短缺,丰田与日产等汽车制造商今天说,他们将减产甚至暂停国内汽车生产。
ZH_HYP: 日本本周受到了强烈地震的影响,汽车零部件和零部件的短缺,本田、日产汽车和其他汽车制造商都表示,他们的意愿将削减生产,甚至暂停本地汽车生产。

EN: Yang Shilin, who left the mountainous region best understands the needs of rural China. He deeply recognizes his duty as a Chinese youth. “I must learn conscientiously and bring the technology I learned back home”.
ZH_REF: 从山区走出的杨仕林最能体会中国乡村的需要，他深感自己作为中国青年的责任，“我一定要好好学，把学到的技术带回祖国”。
ZH_HYP: 杨林离开山区的最能理解中国农村的需要,他他认识到他作为中国青年的责任,我必须认真学习学习的技术。

EN: Relevant data revealed that the global aerospace industry will grow by a rapid 6% to 7% each year. By 2020, China’s aerospace market will amount to RMB800 billion.
ZH_REF: 相关数据显示，全球航天产业每年都在以6%到7%快速增长，2020年我国航天市场规模将达8000亿元。
ZH_HYP: 相关数据显示,全球航空航天工业每年将增长6%至7%,到2020年,中国的航空市场将达到8000亿元人民币。

EN: A natural gas pipeline connection China and Russia is being built at this time.
ZH_REF: 一条连接中国与俄罗斯的天然气管道也正在建设之中。
ZH_HYP: 目前正在修建天然气管道连接中。

EN: A PECC study forecasts that by 2025, the Asia-Pacific Free Trade Zone will contribute US$2. 4 trillion of economic growth to the world economy.
ZH_REF: ＰＥＣＣ的一项研究报告预测，到２０２５年亚太自贸区将给全球经济带来２．４万亿美元的经济增长。
ZH_HYP: 一项研究预测,到2025年,亚太自由贸易区将向世界经济增长2.4万亿美元的经济增长。

EN: After New China was founded, it faced poverty, and cultural and scientific vacuums, as well as blockade and hostility from Western nations. China's socialist construction still reaped enormous results.
ZH_REF: 新中国成立后，面临着国内一穷二白的困难和西方国家的封锁敌视，中国社会主义建设仍然取得了很大成绩。
ZH_HYP: 新中国成立后,中国面临着贫困、文化和科学真空,以及西方国家的封锁和敌对。

EN: On the 29th, Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Hua Chunying said that the situation stated in the report did not conform to the facts.
ZH_REF: 外交部发言人华春莹29日表示，报道所称情况不符合事实。
ZH_HYP: 外交部发言人华春说,报告中所述的情况并不符合事实。

EN: In 2004, the 74-year-old veteran of the space industry announced his retirement after 42 years of service at NASA.
ZH_REF: 2004年，在NASA服役了42年后，这位时年74岁的航天界元老宣布退休。
ZH_HYP: 2004年,航天局服务42年的42年后,他宣布退休。

EN: At present, Jia Yueting is LeTV's largest shareholder, holding 25.67% of the shares, all of which have been basically pledged.
ZH_REF: 目前，贾跃亭为乐视网第一大股东，持股25.67%，这些股权基本已全部被质押。
ZH_HYP: 目前,嘉嘉诚是letv最大的股东,持有25.67%的股份,所有这些都已基本承诺。

EN: For now, automatic driving is an important application of artificial intelligence in the automotive field. The world’s auto giants are all engaged in research and development of automatic driving technology.
ZH_REF: 就目前而言，自动驾驶是人工智能在汽车领域的一大重要应用，世界汽车巨头都在进行自动驾驶技术的研发。
ZH_HYP: 目前自动驾驶是自动自动智能在汽车领域的重要应用,世界自动巨头都是自动驾驶技术的研究和开发。

EN: It is said that the superior Kobe beef can sell for more than US$150 (about 962 yuan) per pound.
ZH_REF: 据说，上好的神户牛肉每磅可以卖到150美元（约合人民币962元）以上。
ZH_HYP: 据说,每磅牛肉可每磅150美元(约962元)。

EN: Wu Haisang said that if the device itself has security holes, or the protection mechanism is not perfect, hackers can control personal devices remotely through vulnerabilities, backdoors, and so on.
ZH_REF: 伍海桑说，如果设备本身有安全漏洞，或保护机制不完善，黑客完全可以通过漏洞、后门等来远程操控个人的设备。
ZH_HYP: 吴海易说,如果设备本身有安全漏洞,或者保护机制不完善,黑客可以通过脆弱性、后卫等方式遥控个人设备。

EN: Since the earth’s inner core is thousands of kilometers deep, it is very difficult to explore the characteristics of its movement and change.
ZH_REF: 由于地球内核远在数千公里深的地下，了解它的运动变化特征十分困难
ZH_HYP: 由于地球的核心是千公里的深,探索其运动和变化的特点是很难的。

EN: This technology uses deep learning to enable the system to learn images of 10,000 people walking in various directions.
ZH_REF: 这项技术使用深度学习，让系统学习了1万人朝着各种方向行走的影像。
ZH_HYP: 这项技术利用深的学习,使系统能够学习各种方向。

EN: According to Bloomberg, Bill Gates is currently worth US$93.3 billion, ranking second in the world. And before the bursting of the Internet bubble, he was worth over US$100 billion, equivalent to a current value of US$148 billion.
ZH_REF: 根据彭博数据，目前盖茨身家为933亿美元，是全球第二多，在互联网泡沫爆破前，盖茨身家一度超过1000亿美元，相当于现值1480亿美元。
ZH_HYP: 据彭博格(bloomberg)的数据,比尔·盖茨目前的价值933亿美元,在互联网泡沫破裂之前,他价值1000亿美元,相当于目前的价值14

EN: Friedrich Engels pointed out that none of great historical disasters is not compensated by historical progress.
ZH_REF: 恩格斯指出：没有哪一次巨大的历史灾难，不以历史的进步作为补偿的。
ZH_HYP: 弗里德里希·恩格斯指出,历史历史灾难没有没有得到历史的的补偿。

EN: It is reported that at this meeting, the International Olympic Committee, together with the BOCOG, will formally invite the 205 members of the International Olympic Committee to participate in the 2008 Olympic Games.
ZH_REF: 据悉,在这次会议上,国际奥委会将与北京奥组委一道正式邀请国际奥委会205个成员奥委会参加2008年奥运会。
ZH_HYP: 据报道,国际奥委会将与奥组委正式邀请国际奥委会正式邀请205名国际奥委会成员参加2008年奥运会。

EN: On December 11, Vladimir Putin visited Syria’s Khmeimim Air Base to inspect the Russian troops stationed there, meet with Bashar Assad and announce that the Russian military will begin to withdraw.
ZH_REF: 普京１２月１１日访问叙利亚赫迈米姆空军基地，视察驻扎在此的俄军部队，与巴沙尔会晤并宣布俄军开始撤离。
ZH_HYP: 12月11日,普京访问了叙利亚的khimimim空军基地,视察驻扎在那里的俄罗斯军队,并宣布俄罗斯军队将开始撤军。

EN: President Donald Trump said in a telephone conversation with Chinese President Xi Jinping that the United States recognizes China’s position of sovereignty over self-governing Taiwan and respects the “one China” policy.
ZH_REF: 美国总统川普与中国国家主席习近平在电话谈话中表示，美国承认中国对自治的台湾拥有主权的立场，尊重“一个中国”政策。
ZH_HYP: 特朗普总统在中国习近平的电话交谈中表示,美国承认中国对台湾自治的主权,并尊重“一个中国”政策。

EN: The ocean is the source of food for more than 500 million people worldwide and provides employment opportunities for 350 million people.
ZH_REF: 海洋是全球5亿多人的粮食来源，并为3.5亿人提供就业机会。
ZH_HYP: 海洋是全世界5亿多人的食物来源,为3.5亿人提供就业机会。

EN: China’s investment in Macedonia began in 2006, while in Serbia it began in 2008. And in 2009, China Ocean Shipping Company bought Piraeus Port in Greece.
ZH_REF: 中国在马其顿的投资始于2006年，在塞尔维亚则是从2008年开始，2009年，中国远洋运输公司买下了希腊比雷埃夫斯港。
ZH_HYP: 2006年,中国的投资开始于2008年开始,2009年,中国海运公司在希腊购买了皮拉雷斯港口。

EN: At the end of 2017, Xu Jiayin became “the double richest person” on the newly released 2017 Forbes China's 400 rich list and Hurun China Rich List.
ZH_REF: 2017年年底，在最新出炉的2017福布斯中国400富豪榜和胡润百富榜上，许家印成为“双料首富”。
ZH_HYP: 2017年底,徐嘉宾成为新发布的《中国富豪榜》400富豪榜和胡润榜上的“最富豪”。

EN: In the territory of Kazakhstan, a prehistoric pyramid-shaped site was discovered recently, which may be 1,000 years earlier than the Egyptian pyramids.
ZH_REF: 哈萨克斯坦境内近日发现了一处史前金字塔形遗址，或比埃及金字塔早1000年。
ZH_HYP: 在哈萨克斯坦境内,最近发现了一个史前金字塔的的前前金字塔。

EN: Zhang Ji, a medical examiner, believes that in a certain extent, AI will be more precise and wiser than the human brain, ensuring the delivery of high-quality soldiers to suitable positions.
ZH_REF: 体检医生张继认为，在一定程度上，人工智能会比人脑更精准更智慧，能够确保把优质兵员输送到适合的岗位。
ZH_HYP: 医学检查官张张德认为,在一定程度上,人工智能比人类大脑更精确,更聪明,确保有适当的士兵担任合适的职位。

EN: People with flu should stay home, and not go to work or school for a week.
ZH_REF: 患流感的人应该呆在家里，一个星期内不要去上班或上学。
ZH_HYP: 流感的人应该呆在家里,不去上班或上学。

EN: “Aggregation-induced luminescence” is an original concept firstly proposed by Chinese scientists and opens up a new area of luminescent materials.
ZH_REF: “聚集诱导发光”是我国科学家率先提出的原创性概念，开辟了发光材料的新领域。
ZH_HYP: “聚合引起的发光”是中国科学家提出的最初概念,并开辟了新的发光材料。

EN: The top-level richest people evade taxes of US$200 billion approximately every year, often at the expense of ordinary employees.
ZH_REF: 最顶层的富豪们每年偷税约2000亿美元，而这常常以普通员工的利益为代价。
ZH_HYP: 每年最富有的人每年都会逃税2000亿美元,而通常是普通员工的。

EN: On the one hand, AI may also make wrong judgments on criminal behavior. Therefore, while advancing technological improvements, it is necessary to try to improve the accuracy through the participation of the human eye.
ZH_REF: 一方面，人工智能也有可能对犯罪行为作出错误判断，因此在推进技术改进的同时，还必须想方设法通过人眼的参与来提高精度。
ZH_HYP: 一方面,人工智能也可能对犯罪行为做出错误的判断,因此,在提高技术改进的同时,必须努力提高准确度。

EN: Although the current vaccine is not completely effective against the transmitted virus, it is still the best way to prevent infection.
ZH_REF: 尽管目前的疫苗对于传播的病毒并不完全有效，但它仍是防止感染的最佳途径。
ZH_HYP: 虽然目前的疫苗对病毒完全有效,但它仍然是预防感染的最佳方法。

EN: In the Google App Store, we can see that the average score of UC browser is as high as 4.5 points, the number of appraisers is more than 16 million, and up to 11 million of appraisers give a mark of 5 points.
ZH_REF: 在谷歌应用商店里可以看到，ＵＣ浏览器的平均评分高达４．５分，评价人数１６００多万，５分好评人数多达１１００万。
ZH_HYP: 在谷歌的商店,我们可以看到,浏览器的平均平均分4.5分,而评估的1600万,而多达1100万个评分。

EN: In the third quarter of last year, the accumulated profits of Chinese mobile phone brands exceeded US$1.5 billion for the first time within a quarter, which was a qualitative breakthrough.
ZH_REF: 去年第三季度，中国手机品牌的累计利润首次在一个季度内超过了15亿美元，这是一个质的突破。
ZH_HYP: 去年第三季度,中国手机品牌的累计利润超过15亿美元,这是一项质量突破。

EN: Genetically modified food that enter the US market are primarily governed by three departments, namely the FDA, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA).
ZH_REF: 美国转基因产品入市主要受三部门监管，即FDA、环保署（EPA）及农业部（USDA）。
ZH_HYP: 转基因食品主要由三个部门,即林业局、环境保护局和美国农业部。

EN: The latest data shows that in the past year, the waiting time for first-hand rental housing has not been shortened but has been extended.
ZH_REF: 最新数据显示，近一年的时间内，一手租赁房房源等待时间非但没有缩短，反而延长了。
ZH_HYP: 最新数据显示,在过去一年中,第一手租住房屋的时间尚未缩短。

EN: An Fengshan said that as we all know, the United Nations is an international organization composed of sovereign nations and pursues the one-China policy.
ZH_REF: 安峰山表示，众所周知，联合国是由主权国家组成的国际组织，奉行一个中国政策。
ZH_HYP: 丰山说,我们大家都知道,联合国是一个由主权国家组成的国际组织。

EN: This mission was the 260th flight of the Long March rocket series.
ZH_REF: 这次任务是长征系列运载火箭的第２６０次飞行。
ZH_HYP: 这次飞行是长征系列火箭系列的第260次飞行。

EN: The optoelectronicist has made outstanding achievements in the fields of micro/nano engineering, nano equipment and so on. He is an academician of the U.S. National Academy of Engineering and a foreign academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
ZH_REF: 这位光电学家在微纳米工程、纳米器材等领域成就卓著，是美国国家工程院院士、中国科学院外籍院士。
ZH_HYP: 光电子学家在微/纳米工程、纳米纳米设备等领域取得了突出成就。他是美国国家工程学院的学者和中国科学院的学者。

EN: WeChat has changed the way of people's communication. Video calls and voice calls reduced the number of telephone calls for everyone. “Talk about it in detail on WeChat” seems have become a daily language.
ZH_REF: 微信改变了人们的沟通方式，视频通话、语音通话使大家打电话的次数变少，“详细情况微信上再聊”似乎成了日常用语。
ZH_HYP: wechat改变了人们的沟通方式。视频电话和呼叫声减少了每个人的电话次数。

EN: Macedonia declared independence in 1991 and joined the United Nations in 1993 in the name of "The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia".
ZH_REF: 马其顿1991年宣布独立，并于1993年以“前南斯拉夫马其顿共和国”名义加入联合国。
ZH_HYP: 马其顿于1991年宣布独立,以“前南斯拉夫的马其顿共和国”的名义加入联合国。

EN: This achievement represents that Micius has the ability to realize intercontinental quantum secure communication.
ZH_REF: 该成果标志着“墨子号”已具备实现洲际量子保密通信的能力。
ZH_HYP: 这一成就表明,mii具有实现洲际量安全通信的能力.

EN: In response to climate change, no country can stay out of the question.
ZH_REF: 应对气候变化，没有一个国家可以置身事外。
ZH_HYP: 为了应对气候变化,没有哪个国家能继续。

EN: In August 2017, retail giant Wal-Mart and internet giant Google announced that they would cooperate to launch voice shopping services and jointly fight against the common enemy Amazon.
ZH_REF: ２０１７年８月，零售巨头沃尔玛与互联网巨头谷歌宣布，将合作推出语音购物服务，联手对抗双方共同的敌人亚马逊。
ZH_HYP: 2017年8月,零售巨头沃尔玛和谷歌宣布,将合作推出语音服务,共同打击共同的亚马逊。

EN: The data shows that the average global surface temperature in 2017 was about 1.1℃ higher than the pre-industrial age.
ZH_REF: 数据显示，2017年全球平均地表温度比工业化前时代高出了约1.1摄氏度。
ZH_HYP: 数据显示,2017年全球平均表面温度约为1.1°c。

EN: According to Fan Yanhui, in the medium and short term, the Renminbi is not likely to rise or fall too much, and is more likely to remain stable at the current level.
ZH_REF: 在范言慧看来，中期和短期内，人民币不太有大涨大跌的可能性，更可能在现有水平下保持稳定态势。
ZH_HYP: 据范文文,,在中期和短期来看,人民币不太可能上升或跌倒,而且在可能保持稳定。

EN: In answer to the question about Taiwan’s recently released defense-related reports, An Fengshan made the above response.
ZH_REF: 在回答有关台湾方面日前发布防务相关报告的问题时，安峰山作了上述回应。
ZH_HYP: 在回答有关台湾最近发布的报告的问题,,一位丰盛的公司做出了上述回应。

EN: Many people have noticed that since the beginning of this century, the birth rate of South Korea has been below 1.5% and the problem of aging has become increasingly severe.
ZH_REF: 不少人注意到，本世纪初至今，韩国人口出生率一直低于1.5%，老龄化问题日益严峻。
ZH_HYP: 许多人注意到,自本世纪初以来,韩国的出生率已不到1.5%,而老龄化问题也日益严重。

EN: Last year, Amir Khan's movie Dangal become a black horse in China’s film market, and finally won 1.29 billion yuan at the box office.
ZH_REF: 去年，阿米尔·汗主演的电影《摔跤吧！爸爸》在中国成为影市黑马，最终收获12.9亿元票房。
ZH_HYP: 去年,阿米尔·汗的电影《电影市场》》成为中国电影市场的黑马,最终在12.9亿元。

EN: On the whole, the average trust of the American people on various institutions fell sharply by 37%, while the average trust of the Chinese people on various institutions rose by 27%. Both ranges were the highest among the 28 countries surveyed (regions).
ZH_REF: 整体而言，美国民众对各机构的平均信任度大幅下滑37个百分点，中国民众对各机构的平均信任度上升27个百分点，上升和下降幅度都是28个受调查国家(地区)中最高的。
ZH_HYP: 总的来说,美国人民在各种机构的平均信任急剧下降了37%,而中国人民对各种机构的平均信任率分别增加了27%。

EN: Wang Fengyuan spoke at the launch of his new book, saying that before coming to the United States, he wanted to find a book to get to know the experience of others, but he searched all over Xinhua Bookstore and did not find a book about studying in American middle school.
ZH_REF: 王丰源在首发式发言中说，来美国前想找本书看看别人的经验，但他翻遍新华书店没找到关于留学美国中学的书。
ZH_HYP: 王凤在他新书的推出时说,在美国之前,他想找到一本本书,了解别人的经验,但他在新华社书店里找了一本关于书,并没有找到一本

EN: It is understood that in all electronic licenses, the most critical and crucial is the electronic ID card.
ZH_REF: 据了解，在所有的电子证照中，最核心、最关键的是电子身份证。
ZH_HYP: 据了解,在所有电子许可证中,最关键的是电子身份证。

EN: In the end, the painting was sold for US$450.3 million, which was equivalent to approximately RMB2.986 billion, setting a record for the "most expensive" auction for art.
ZH_REF: 最终，这幅画以4.503亿美元的价格成交，约合29.86亿元人民币，创下艺术品拍卖的“最昂贵”纪录。
ZH_HYP: 最后,画作的售价为4.503亿美元,为“最昂贵”的艺术品创纪录。

EN: According to the Beijing News, data released on January 18 by the National Bureau of Statistics showed that the number of births in the country was 17.23 million in 2017, a decrease of 630,000 over the previous year.
ZH_REF: 据新京报报道，1月18日，国家统计局公布的数据显示，2017年全国出生人口为1723万人，比上年减少63万人。
ZH_HYP: 根据《北京新闻》,国家统计局公布的数据显示,2017年出生出生人数为1723万,比上年减少63万人。

EN: A few months later, the Indian government purchased eight P-8I maritime patrol aircraft for the first time and deployed them over the Indian Ocean in 2013. In 2016, India purchased four P-8Is at the original price once again.
ZH_REF: 几个月后，印度政府首次购买了8架P-8I海上巡逻机，于2013年部署在印度洋海域，2016年，印度再次以当初的价格购买了4架P-8I。
ZH_HYP: 几个月后,印度政府首次购买了8架p-8i海上巡逻,并于2016年将其部署在印度洋,2016年,印度购买了4p-8。

EN: Yuan Chengye has long been engaged in extractant chemistry and organophosphorus chemistry research, who is one of the founders of Chinese extractant chemistry research.
ZH_REF: 袁承业长期从事萃取剂化学和有机磷化学研究，是中国萃取剂化学研究的奠基人之一。
ZH_HYP: 元成文一直从事化学化学和有机化学研究,是中国提取物化学研究的创始人之一。

EN: Tomas Berdych is currently ranked 19th in the world. He is preparing for the Qatar Open, the first event of the new season. He also aims at the Grand Slam championship in the new season.
ZH_REF: 伯蒂奇现世界排名第19，他正在备战新赛季的首项赛事——卡塔尔公开赛，新赛季他也将目光瞄准了大满贯冠军。
ZH_HYP: 他正在为卡塔尔开放赛的第一赛的赛事,他正在准备参加新赛季的大满贯冠军。

EN: Earlier that day, the UK team defeated the South African team with a slight margin of 7 to 5. This may affect their status in the finals.
ZH_REF: 当天早些时候，英国队以7比5险胜南非队，这可能影响了他们在决赛中状态。
ZH_HYP: 当天早些时候,英国队击败了南非队,略微略微影响他们在决赛中的地位。

EN: At the invitation of the contest's sponsors, Yang Shilin became the torchbearer of the Pingchang Winter Olympics.
ZH_REF: 应当时的大赛赞助商邀请，杨仕林成为平昌冬奥会的火炬手。
ZH_HYP: 应比赛赞助者的邀请,杨林成为了平昌冬奥的火炬手.

EN: However, in the middle of 2016, Forbes magazine changed her net worth from $4.5 billion to 0.
ZH_REF: 然而2016年年中，《福布斯》杂志将她的身家从 45 亿美元修改为 0。
ZH_HYP: 然而,在2016年中,福布斯杂志将其净值从45亿美元改换到0亿美元。

EN: After the July 7th Incident in 1937, Japan launched a full-scale war of aggression against China.
ZH_REF: 1937年七七事变后，日本发动全面侵华战争。
ZH_HYP: 1937年7月7日事件后,日本发动了全面战争。

EN: China has always fully and strictly implemented the UN Security Council resolutions and will never allow Chinese citizens and businesses to engage in activities that violate the resolutions of the UN Security Council.
ZH_REF: 中方始终全面、严格执行联合国安理会决议，绝不允许中国公民和企业从事违反安理会决议的活动。
ZH_HYP: 中国一贯、严格执行联合国安理会决议,决不允许中国公民和企业参与违反联合国安理会决议的活动。

EN: On the 16th, UN Secretary-General António Guterres highly praised China for playing a crucial role in the global response to climate change and encouraged China to continue to play an important role in the future.
ZH_REF: 联合国秘书长古特雷斯１６日高度赞扬中国在全球应对气候变化行动中发挥的至关重要的作用，并鼓励中国在今后继续扮演重要角色。
ZH_HYP: 在第16届联合国秘书长联合国秘书长在全球应对气候变化方面发挥了重要作用,并鼓励中国在今后发挥重要作用。

EN: Since May 2017 alone, there have been more than 160 incidents of armed conflict, terrorist attacks, demonstrations and other types of emergencies in Mali.
ZH_REF: 仅2017年5月份以来，马里境内累计发生武装冲突、恐怖袭击、游行示威等各类突发事件160余起。
ZH_HYP: 仅2017年5月以来,在马里发生了160多起武装冲突、恐怖袭击、示威和其他类型的紧急情况。

EN: The rise of science and technology in China will have a positive impact on global technological innovation. The EU should further strengthen cooperation with China in the field of science and technology.
ZH_REF: 中国的科学技术崛起将给全球科技创新带来积极影响，欧盟应该进一步加强与中国在科学技术领域的合作
ZH_HYP: 中国科技科技的兴起对全球技术创新产生积极影响,应进一步加强与中国的科技合作。

EN: She said that China has always fully and strictly enforced Security Council resolutions, fulfilled its own international obligations, and never allowed Chinese citizens and businesses to engage in activities that violated the UN Security Council resolutions.
ZH_REF: 她表示，中方始终全面、严格执行安理会决议，履行自身承担的国际义务，绝不允许中国公民和企业从事违反安理会决议的活动。
ZH_HYP: 她说,中国一贯严格执行安全理事会决议,履行自己的国际义务,也绝不允许中国公民和企业参与违反联合国安理会决议的活动。

EN: Not long ago, the National Energy Administration of China announced that by 2020, it will invest 2.5 trillion yuan in the field of alternative energy.
ZH_REF: 不久前，中国国家能源局宣布，2020年前，将向可替代能源领域投资2.5万亿元人民币。
ZH_HYP: 不久前,中国国家能源管理局宣布,2020年将投入2.5万亿元。

EN: In order to evade the criticism caused by unconstitutionality, Japan tried to cover up and sophistry to put the attack aircraft carrier under “defensive” weapons.
ZH_REF: 为了规避因违宪而招致批判，日方极力掩饰和狡辩，把攻击型航母划归“防御型”武器。
ZH_HYP: 为了逃避违宪的的批评,日本试图掩盖和诡辩,将攻击航空母舰置于“防御”武器之下。

EN: On the 27th, Zhejiang Geely Holding Group announced that it has reached an agreement with European fund company Cevian Capital to acquire 82.47 million A shares and 78.77 million B shares of AB Volvo from Cevian Capital.
ZH_REF: 浙江吉利控股集团27日宣布与欧洲基金公司Cevian Capital达成一致，将收购其持有的沃尔沃集团（AB Volvo）8847万股的A股股票和7877万股的B股股票。
ZH_HYP: 在27日,浙江吉利集团宣布,它与欧洲基金ceviancapital达成了协议,收购8247万份股份,7877万万份。

EN: After the transaction is completed, Geely Holding will own 8.2% of the Volvo Group, becoming its largest shareholder and holding 15.6% of the voting rights.
ZH_REF: 项目交割后，吉利控股将拥有沃尔沃集团8.2%股权，成为其第一大持股股东，并拥有15.6%的投票权。
ZH_HYP: 交易完成后,吉利控股将拥有沃尔沃集团的8.2%的股权,并将拥有15.6%的投票权。

EN: The head of the Department of Industry Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission pointed out today that overcapacity in the steel industry was a global issue.
ZH_REF: 国家发展改革委产业协调司负责人今天在此间指出，钢铁产能过剩是全球性问题。
ZH_HYP: 国家发展和改革委员会工业协调部的负责人指出,钢铁行业过剩是一个全球性问题。

EN: It is still a long-term, complicated and formidable process to fundamentally improve the quality of the atmospheric environment.
ZH_REF: 大气环境质量要得到根本改善，仍然是一个长期、复杂、艰巨的过程。
ZH_HYP: 从根本上改善大气环境质量,仍是一个长期、复杂和可变的过程.

EN: On January 4th, 2017, Mobike completed D-round financing amounting to US$200 million. Investors include Tencent, Warburg Pincus, Ctrip, etc.
ZH_REF: 2017年1月4日，摩拜完成D轮融资，金额达到2亿美元，投资方包括腾讯、华平投资、携程等
ZH_HYP: 2017年1月4日,暴民完成了2亿美元的资金,包括腾讯、华堡、、、、、。

EN: On the 21st, Wang Fumei, the older sister of the “ice flower boy” Wang Fuman, told reporters in Beijing that her ideal was to become a doctor in the future because her grandmother was often ill.
ZH_REF: 21日，“冰花男孩”王福满的姐姐王福美在北京接受记者采访时说，自己未来的理想是想当医生，因为自己的奶奶经常生病。
ZH_HYP: 在21岁的王芳梅在北京对记者说,她的理想是成为一名医生,因为她的祖母经常生病。

EN: The year 2018 is the 40th year for China to implement reform and opening up.
ZH_REF: 2018年是中国实施改革开放的第四十个年头。
ZH_HYP: 2018年是中国改革开放的第40年。

EN: The Moroccan Football Association submitted a formal application to FIFA last August to host the 2026 World Cup.
ZH_REF: 摩洛哥足球协会去年8月向国际足联递交了承办2026年世界杯的正式申请。
ZH_HYP: 今年8月,摩洛哥足球协会向国际足联提交了正式申请,以主办2026年世界杯。

EN: Israel has begun to diagnose the real causes of cancer and other diseases in human beings by cracking and analyzing the human genes.
ZH_REF: 以色列已开始通过破解和分析人类基因，来诊断人类患癌症和其他疾病的真正原因。
ZH_HYP: 以色列已经开始通过裂解和分析人类基因来诊断人类的真正原因。

EN: According to the Voice of China "CNR News”, a new breakthrough has been achieved in the clinical study of stem cell intervention for premature ovarian failure in China.
ZH_REF: 据中国之声《央广新闻》报道，我国干细胞干预卵巢早衰临床研究近日获得新突破。
ZH_HYP: 根据中国的“cnr新闻”的,对我国早卵巢衰竭的临床研究已经取得了新的突破。

EN: These 2 Chinese books defeated the other 600 ones from 32 countries and successfully entered the list of 14 award-winning books selected in Leipzig, Germany.
ZH_REF: 中国的这两部作品击败了来自32个国家的600部图书，成功入围了在德国莱比锡评选出的14部获奖图书之列。
ZH_HYP: 这2本中国的2个国家的其他600个图书,成功地进入了14个获奖的图书。

EN: This year, China will again launch more than 10 Beidou satellites and establish a basic system consisting of 18 satellites, to provide services for the countries along and around "the Belt and Road”.
ZH_REF: 今年我国将再次发射十余颗北斗卫星，建立由18颗卫星组成的基本系统，为“一带一路”沿线国家及周边国家提供服务。
ZH_HYP: 今年,中国将再次发射10颗多口卫星,建立18颗卫星的基本系统,为各国一带“一带”提供服务。

EN: In the next step, the team will follow the trend of technological development to research the high-quality depth cameras based on neurochips, apply them to smart cars and pilotless areas, and actively promote the widespread use of neurochips in the “Internet+” related fields.
ZH_REF: 下一步，团队将紧跟技术发展的潮流研究基于神经芯片的高质量深度相机，使其能应用于智能汽车以及无人驾驶领域，并积极推动神经芯片在“互联网+”相关领域的广泛应用。
ZH_HYP: 在下一步,该小组将跟踪技术发展的趋势,研究基于神经芯片的高素质照相机,将它们应用于智能型汽车和无试点地区,并积极推广应用于“互联网+”相关领域

EN: Wang confessed that, by chance, he came into contact with marijuana and began to smoke.
ZH_REF: 王某交代，一次偶然的机会，他接触到了大麻并开始吸食。
ZH_HYP: 王先生承认,偶然的,他开始抽烟。

EN: Afterwards, the school decided to establish a pagoda-type water tower after extensive consultations with the community's celebrities at that time.
ZH_REF: 后来校方向当时的社会名流征求意见，得到广泛赞同后决定建立古塔式水塔。
ZH_HYP: 后来,学校决定在社区的社区名人进行广泛协商之后,决定建立一座塔。

EN: In March 2017, Pu'er coffee, with a brand value of RMB 11.136 billion, entered the top 10 most valuable brands of China's agricultural field.
ZH_REF: 2017年3月，普洱咖啡以111.36亿元的品牌价值成为中国农业区域品牌价值10强。
ZH_HYP: 2017年3月,普洱咖啡,拥有111.36亿元人民币,进入中国农业领域最最重要的品牌。

EN: He said it could not be determined that there was no risk in such investment, but it was very positive judging from the current response of all parties.
ZH_REF: 他说，不能说这种投资没有风险，但从目前各方的反应来看，都很积极。
ZH_HYP: 他说,不能确定,在这种投资方面,风险,但这是对各方的反应。

EN: According to Japanese media, the clean-up of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant is expected to be completed at least until 2051, but it is still uncertain whether it can be realized as scheduled.
ZH_REF: 据日本媒体报道，福岛第一核电站的清理工作预计至少到２０５１年才能完成，但能否如期实现还是未知数。
ZH_HYP: 据日本媒体称,福岛第一核电站的清理工作至少至少到2051年,但仍不确定是否能够按计划实现。

EN: She said that President Xi Jinping’s letter in reply to the Chinese students of the Moscow University has expressed his care and hope for the oversea students and the young generation.
ZH_REF: 她说，习主席给莫斯科大学中国留学生的回信寄托了习主席对广大留学生、对青年一代的关怀和厚望。
ZH_HYP: 她说,习近平总统对莫斯科大学的学生的信已经表示了对对学生和年轻一代的关怀和希望。

EN: It is reported that the IOC did not explain why the remaining 111 Russian athletes were not qualified and did not disclose the names of the athletes on the list. The IOC only stated that they were not the 46 athletes who were deprived of qualification in Sochi Winter Olympics.
ZH_REF: 报道称，IOC并未解释余下111名俄罗斯运动员为何未获确认资格，也没有公开名单上的运动员名字，仅称他们并非在索契冬奥被褫夺资格的46人。
ZH_HYP: 据报道,国际奥委会没有解释为什么其余111名俄罗斯运动员没有资格,没有透露名单上运动员的姓名。国际奥委会只是说,他们不是在索契冬奥会被剥夺资格的

EN: The leaders of this revolution are the high tech giant Alibaba group’s Alipay and Tencent’s WeChat payment.
ZH_REF: 而这项革命的领跑者是高科技巨头阿里巴巴集团的支付宝和腾讯公司的微信支付。
ZH_HYP: 这场革命的领导人是高科技巨型阿里巴巴集团的的。

EN: According to experts, from the trends of PMI in manufacturing and non-manufacturing industries, the situation of steady economic growth in China is even more pronounced.
ZH_REF: 有关专家表示，从制造业和非制造业PMI走势看，当前我国经济稳中向好的发展态势更趋明显。
ZH_HYP: 专家认为,从制造业和非制造业的趋势来看,我国经济稳步增长的情况更加明显。

EN: Both of Wang Xinglian, 73, and Wang Shuyu, 71, are natives of Hutou Village and began practicing medicine in the 1970s.
ZH_REF: 汪兴莲今年73岁，汪淑玉71岁，都是虎头村本地人，都在上世纪70年代开始行医。
ZH_HYP: 73岁的王兴林和王71岁的王国,在1970年代开始开始医学。

EN: Only when Taiwan abandons the "Taiwan independence" position and the hostile thinking, the peace and stability of the Taiwan Strait can be truly maintained.
ZH_REF: 台湾方面只有放弃“台独”立场和敌对思维才能真正维护台海和平稳定。
ZH_HYP: 只有台湾放弃“台独”立场和敌对思想,台湾海峡的和平与稳定才能够得到维护。

EN: Over the past 10 years, China has become more and more innovative and has demonstrated its determination to protect intellectual property rights.
ZH_REF: 过去10年来中国变得越来越创新，并表现出保护知识产权的决心。
ZH_HYP: 在过去10年中,中国越来越具有创新的创新,显示了中国保护知识产权的决心。

EN: As developing countries, China and Latin America are at a similar stage of development, face the same development tasks and are each other's development opportunities.
ZH_REF: 中拉同为发展中国家，处于相近的发展阶段，面临相同的发展任务，互为对方的发展机遇。
ZH_HYP: 随着发展中国家、中拉丁美洲也处于发展阶段,面临着同样的发展任务,也是发展机遇。

EN: “We formally submitted an application to the FDA in 2013 and finally obtained a commercial license, which has gone through five years”, Lin Yongjun said.
ZH_REF: “我们2013年向FDA正式提交申请，到最终获得商业化许可，经历了5年的时间。”林拥军说。
ZH_HYP: 林永�俐说:“我们在2013年向林业发展局递交了一份申请,并最终获得了五年的商业执照。

EN: A week ago, the first CBA All-Star Game after Yao Ming became chairman of the China Basketball Association ended in Shenzhen.
ZH_REF: 一周前，姚明出任中国篮协主席后的第一个CBA全明星在深圳落幕。
ZH_HYP: 一周前,姚明成为中国篮球协会的主席,在深圳结束了。

EN: Under the personal care and vigorous encouragement of President Xi Jinping and President Michelle Bachelet, the comprehensive strategic partnership between the two countries has made considerable progress.
ZH_REF: 在习近平主席和巴切莱特总统的亲自关心和大力推动下，两国全面战略伙伴关系取得长足发展。
ZH_HYP: 在习近平主席和米歇尔·巴切莱特总统个人的个人照顾和大力鼓励下,两国之间的全面战略伙伴关系取得了重大进展。

EN: According to the data of the World Federation of Exchanges, the total market value, the secondary market transaction volume, and IPO financing amount of the Shanghai Stock Exchange rank fourth, fifth, and second respectively in the world's exchanges.
ZH_REF: 据世界交易所联合会的数据，上交所股票总市值、二级市场交易额及IPO融资在全球交易所中排第四位、第五位和第二位。
ZH_HYP: 根据世界交易所的数据,上海证交所的市场总价值、二级市场交易额和ipo融资额分别为世界第四、五、二。

EN: In May 2016, Huawei accused Samsung of infringement and filed a lawsuit against Samsung in the Northern District Court of California and Shenzhen Intermediate People's Court.
ZH_REF: 2016年5月，华为指控三星侵权，在加州北区法院和深圳中级人民法院对三星提起诉讼
ZH_HYP: 2016年5月,华为指控samsung,并在加州和深圳市人民法院起诉三星提起诉讼。

EN: It is obvious that in the differentiated world, finding common ground is not easy and forming a consensus is more difficult.
ZH_REF: 显然，在分化的世界中，找到共同点不容易，形成共识更困难。
ZH_HYP: 显然,在区别的世界中,找到共同的立场并不容易,形成共识。

EN: In the end, Kenya's athlete Kenneth Mungara won the championship of men's group in 2:13:38, and Ethiopian runner Gulume Tollesa won the championship of women's group in 2:29:36.
ZH_REF: 最终，肯尼亚选手蒙加拉以2小时13分38秒的成绩获得男子组冠军，埃塞俄比亚选手沙拉以2小时29分36秒的成绩获得女子组冠军。
ZH_HYP: 最后,肯尼亚的运动员肯尼思·蒙ungara在2:13:38岁的男子,埃塞俄比亚选手的选手们获得了2:29:36分。

EN: In 2016, 95% of the 731 million Chinese netizens were able to access the Internet via smart phones, more than 470 million of which could pay online through mobile devices.
ZH_REF: 2016年在7.31亿中国网民当中有95%都能通过智能手机上网，其中超过4.7亿能够通过移动设备在线支付。
ZH_HYP: 2016年,7.31亿中国网民通过智能手机上网,其中47000多万人可以通过移动设备支付。

EN: The Australian Sailing Championship is currently one of the highest-standard and most influential national sailing events in Australia and is held once a year.
ZH_REF: 澳大利亚帆船锦标赛是目前澳大利亚规格最高、最具影响力的国家级帆船赛事之一，每年举办一次。
ZH_HYP: 澳大利亚帆船锦标赛目前是澳大利亚最高标准和最有影响的国家帆船比赛之一。

EN: Currently, Hong Kong is the primary location for Mainland China's outward direct investment. Hong Kong is also Mainland China’s second largest trading partner.
ZH_REF: 目前，香港是内地对外直接投资的首要地点，香港也是内地第二大贸易伙伴。
ZH_HYP: 香港是中国大陆中国大陆直接投资的主要地点。

EN: On how to prevent graduation anxiety, Shi Yao believed that it was absolutely necessary to prepare a proper job career plan while in university.
ZH_REF: 针对如何预防毕业焦虑，石瑶认为，大学期间做好职业生涯规划十分必要。
ZH_HYP: 在如何防止毕业的焦虑,,姚明认为,在大学期间做好一项适当的职业计划。

EN: On January 5, the central parity rate of the RMB was 6.4915 to the USD, breaking through the 6.5 threshold again.
ZH_REF: 1月5日，人民币兑美元中间价报6.4915，再次突破6.5。
ZH_HYP: 1月5日,人民币的核心价为6.4915,再次突破了6.55阈值。

EN: Compared to developed countries, most of China’s manufacturing enterprises are still implementing product-led strategies. This not only fail to adequately meet customer demand, it also affects and restricts China’s manufacturing sector from participating in domestic and foreign competition.
ZH_REF: 与发达国家相比，中国大部分制造业企业仍然在实施以产品为主导的战略，这不仅不能很好地满足客户需求，也影响和制约了中国制造业参与国内外竞争。
ZH_HYP: 与发达国家相比,中国制造业企业仍在实施产品主导的战略,这不仅未能满足客户需求,也影响到中国制造业和外国竞争。

EN: I would like to take this opportunity to offer New Year blessings to all citizens of the country, as well as to our fellow country people in the Hong Kong SAR, the Macau SAR and in Taiwan as well as Chinese nationals residing overseas!
ZH_REF: 在这里，我向全国各族人民，向香港特别行政区同胞、澳门特别行政区同胞、台湾同胞和海外侨胞致以新年的祝福！
ZH_HYP: 我要借此机会向我国全体公民以及我们的同胞以及在海外的中国公民提供新年祝福!

EN: The Ministry of Education said that 90% of these students study in English language countries, such as the US, UK and Australia; 70% are pursuing at least a bachelor’s degree.
ZH_REF: 据教育部表示，这些学生90%以上都就读于英语国家，例如美国、英国和澳大利亚等，70%的人至少是在攻读学士学位。
ZH_HYP: 教育部说,在英语英语国家,英国和澳大利亚等英语国家的90%是学士学位。

EN: Today, thanks to the the hard work of the government and all sectors of the community, the protection of ancient villages has become a consensus in general.
ZH_REF: 如今，在政府、社会各界的共同努力下，保护古村基本形成了共识。
ZH_HYP: 今天,由于政府和社会各界的辛勤工作,保护已成为普遍共识。

EN: There has been further development in the criminal case of Chinese scholar Zhang Yingying who was murdered in the US.
ZH_REF: 中国学者章莹颖在美遇害案近日有了新的进展。
ZH_HYP: 在中国,中国学者张英英的刑事案件中,有了进一步的发展。

EN: It is understood that a major highlight of the China-EU Tourism Year is to recommend unknown European tourist attractions to Chinese tourists.
ZH_REF: 据了解，中欧旅游年的一大重点是向中国游客推介非知名的欧洲旅游景点。
ZH_HYP: 据了解,中国旅游年的一个重要点是向游客推荐不知名的欧洲旅游景点。

EN: The 19th CPC National Congress pointed out that protecting and improving people’s livelihood must entail grasping the most direct and most practical issues of interests that citizens are most concerned with.
ZH_REF: 十九大报告指出，保障和改善民生要抓住人民最关心最直接最现实的利益问题。
ZH_HYP: 第19届全国代表大会指出,保护和改善人民生活必须抓住公民最关心的最直接和最实际的问题。

EN: China has always played an active and positive role in regional cooperation, which is well recognized by regional countries.
ZH_REF: 中国在地区合作中发挥的作用一贯是积极正面的，受到地区国家高度认可。
ZH_HYP: 中国在区域合作中始终发挥积极积极积极的作用。

EN: According to internationally accepted standards on aging, a country or region where the share of the population aged 60 and above accounts for 10% or those aged 65 and above account for 7%, is an aging society.
ZH_REF: 按照国际通行的老龄化标准，60岁以上的人口占总人口比例达到10%或65岁以上人口占总人口比例达到7%的国家或地区，即进入老龄化社会。
ZH_HYP: 根据国际公认的年龄、年龄、年龄、年龄在60岁以上人口占10%或以上人口的比例,是老龄化社会。

EN: There are also negatives related to this education method, including placing physically disabled children in a comparatively isolated environment while growing up. This would impair their ability to integrate into society. More importantly, it would affect the formation of a healthy personality for these children.
ZH_REF: 但这种教育方式也有其弊端，包括把残疾孩子放在相对隔离的环境中成长，不利于他们融入社会，更会影响他们健全人格的形成。
ZH_HYP: 此外,这种教育方法也有消极的,包括将残疾儿童置于一个比较孤立的环境中,这将影响他们融入社会的能力,更重要的是,这将影响到这些儿童的健康人格的

EN: National defense mobilization is an important link in converting and transferring combat potential into combat competence.
ZH_REF: 国防动员是将战争潜力转化输送为战争实力的重要链条。
ZH_HYP: 国防动员是转变和转移战斗能力的重要环节。

EN: Xi Jinping, in a telephone conversation with Trump on the 16th, briefed the latter on his view of the current situation in the Korean peninsular, and pointed out some of the positive changes that have taken place in the peninsular.
ZH_REF: 习近平16日同特朗普通电话时应询介绍了对当前朝鲜半岛局势的看法，指出朝鲜半岛形势出现一些积极变化。
ZH_HYP: 习近平在与特朗普的电话交谈中,向朝鲜介绍了他对朝鲜半岛半岛局势的看法,并指出了在半岛半岛发生的一些积极变化。

EN: Potential risk of conflict in cross-Strait relations would significantly affect the confidence of enterprises looking to invest in Taiwan. Inadequate investment would result in weaker economic growth, which would in turn lead to less employment opportunities, low wages and a series of other issues related to people’s livelihood.
ZH_REF: 两岸关系有冲突的潜在风险，极大地影响企业投资台湾的信心，投资不足就带来经济增长相对乏力，从而造成就业机会少、薪资低等一系列民生问题。
ZH_HYP: 两岸关系中的潜在风险将极大地影响到企业对台湾投资的信心,投资不足会导致经济增长的增长,而这反过来会导致就业机会减少,低工资和一系列与人民生活有关的问题。

EN: For days, relevant departments in the counties have provided 2.838 million RMB of bursaries for over 690 college students from poor families.
ZH_REF: 连日来，县有关部门还为690余名贫困大学生落实283.8万元就学资助。
ZH_HYP: 几天以来,县的有关部门为690名贫困家庭的6900名助学金。

EN: A fishing vessel sank in the waters near Hong Kong on the night of the 20th after colliding with a cargo vessel. After nearly a day of search and rescue, seven crew members are still missing.
ZH_REF: 一艘渔船20日晚在香港附近海域与一艘货船相撞后沉没，经过近一天搜救，仍有7名船员失踪。
ZH_HYP: 一艘渔船在香港的水域沉没于香港的水域,在一艘货船在香港的水域,,七名船员失踪。

EN: UK Prime Minister Theresa May made a pledge to the public on the 11th that the UK government will implement a 25-year plan, and will eradicate avoidable plastic waste pollution by 2042.
ZH_REF: 英国首相特雷莎·梅11日向公众承诺，英国政府将实施25年计划，在2042年前消除所有可避免的塑料垃圾污染。
ZH_HYP: 英国首相安莎(threesa)在11日向公众做出承诺,英国政府将实施一项25年的计划,并将在2042年之前消除可避免的塑料废弃

EN: Brazil has now attracted the attention of the international oil industry on the back of rich pre-salt oil deposits.
ZH_REF: 现如今的巴西，凭借丰富的盐下石油储量引起了国际石油界的关注。
ZH_HYP: 巴西现在在丰富的产油矿床后引起了国际石油工业的关注。

EN: Zhang Xiang, who was born in Mainland China, will soon be appointed President of the University of Hong Kong. News of the appointment drew heated debate as soon as it was released.
ZH_REF: 出生在内地的张翔即将上任香港大学校长， 任命消息甫一传出，便引起不少热议。
ZH_HYP: 张祥在中国大陆出生的即将被任命为香港大学,而获任命的消息后,便会引起激烈的辩论。

EN: Analysts said that aginst the backdrop of rising anti-globalization and protectionism, constructing a comprehensive and high-quality Asia-Pacific Free Trade Zone will inject new impetus into achieving a unified Asia-Pacific regional economy.
ZH_REF: 分析人士指出，在逆全球化和贸易保护主义思潮有所抬头的背景下，构建一个全面的、高质量的亚太自贸区将为实现亚太区域经济一体化注入新动力。
ZH_HYP: 分析人士表示,在全球化和保护主义抬头的背景下,建立了一个全面、高质量的亚太自由贸易区,将为实现亚太区域的统一的亚太区经济注入新的动力。

EN: Microsoft will convert all Chinese language supported research models into product-oriented core technology, and develop a predictive Swiftkey Chinese smart keyboard.
ZH_REF: 微软将把各种中文支持研究模型转变为产品化的核心技术，并开发一种意图导向的Ｓｗｉｆｔｋｅｙ中文智能输入。
ZH_HYP: 微软将将所有中文支持的研究模式转化为导向的核心技术,并开发一个预测的的中国键盘。

EN: Using CRISPR genome editing technology to treat cancer has been recognized as a revolutionary cancer treatment.
ZH_REF: 将CRISPR基因编辑技术用于治疗癌症，被认为是一种革命性的癌症疗法。
ZH_HYP: 使用crispr基因组编辑技术被公认为一种革命性的癌症治疗。

EN: German researchers, experimenting on mice, have found that the immune system, in addition to playing a defensive role, could also assist in the formation of cancer.
ZH_REF: 德国研究人员利用小鼠实验发现，免疫系统除可起到防御作用外，还可能助力癌症形成。
ZH_HYP: 德国的研究人员发现,免疫系统除了发挥防御作用外,还可以帮助癌症的形成。

EN: The foundation of both Alipay and WeChat Pay is the QR Code. The amount of information these tiny black-and-white squares can store is more than 300 times that of a one-digit code.
ZH_REF: 支付宝和微信支付的基础都是二维码，这种黑白相间的小方格子能够存储的信息量是一位码的300倍以上。
ZH_HYP: 两ipay和wechat的的基础是qr码,这些小黑白的存储的存储量是一个数字的300倍以上。

EN: Avandia, which debuted in 1999, is an “insulin sensitizer”, used for treating Type 2 diabetes.
ZH_REF: 1999年面世的文迪雅是一种胰岛素增敏剂,适用于治疗Ⅱ型糖尿病。
ZH_HYP: 1999年首次出现的是一种“胰岛素敏锐剂”,用于治疗2型糖尿病。

EN: He revealed that prior to 2017, most students studied unmanned aerial vehicles for employment prospects as well as out of interest.
ZH_REF: 他透露，2017年以前，大部分学员学习无人机一方面为了就业，一方面为了兴趣。
ZH_HYP: 他透露,在2017年之前,大多数学生都研究了无人驾驶飞行器,用于就业前景。

EN: Computer security experts forecast that more cars will be stolen because the number of online networking vehicles is increasing.
ZH_REF: 计算机安全专家表示，预计会有更多的车被偷，因为与互联网联网的汽车数目在不断增加。
ZH_HYP: 计算机安全专家预测,更多的汽车将会被偷。

EN: The technology sector should never forget that it is our humanity and humility that have made technology a possibility in having a positive impact on human life.
ZH_REF: 科技行业永远不应该忘记：是我们的人性和谦卑让技术对人类生活产生积极影响成为可能。
ZH_HYP: 技术部门永远不会忘记,正是我们的人类和谦卑,使技术在对人类生活产生积极影响。

EN: On January 17, 2017, UK Prime Minister Theresa May, in a speech on “Brexit”, highlighted that while trade between the UK and the EU was important, the UK was also interested in trade relations with other markets that are growing rapidly in the world.
ZH_REF: 2017年1月17日，英国首相特雷莎·梅就英国“脱欧”问题发表演讲时强调，英国与欧盟之间的贸易固然重要，但是英国也更看重与其他世界上快速增长的市场之间的贸易关系。
ZH_HYP: 2017年1月17日,英国首相特蕾莎在就“脱欧”的讲话中强调,尽管英国和欧盟之间的贸易很重要,但英国也对与世界其他迅速

EN: Recently, a survey of 2008 people conducted by a media entity revealed that more than half of those surveyed have had the experience of being fooled by false information on health care and well being.
ZH_REF: 日前，有媒体对2008名受访者进行的一项调查显示，超半数的受访者曾有被医疗养生不实信息忽悠的经历。
ZH_HYP: 最近,媒体机构对2008年进行的调查显示,超过一半的被调查者的经验被虚假信息欺骗的。

EN: China carrying out peaceful construction activities and laying out the necessary defense facilities on relevant islands and reefs in the South China Sea are matters within the scope of China’s sovereignty.
ZH_REF: 中方在有关南海岛礁上开展和平建设活动、部署必要的防卫设施，是中国主权范围内的事。
ZH_HYP: 中国开展和平建设活动,开展和平建设活动,是中国主权范围内的问题。

EN: This project gave all educators a new way of thinking - not to teach, but to create a new learning environment for students to allow them to be prepared for life in the future.
ZH_REF: 该项目赋予了所有教育者一种新的思维——不是去教授，而是去为学生创造一种新型的学习环境，使得学生为未来生活做好准备。
ZH_HYP: 这个项目给了所有教育工作者一种新的思维方式,不是教书,而是为学生创造一个新的学习环境,让他们能够在未来的生活。

EN: Tokyo Electric Power Company Holdings, Inc, on the night of the 19th, announced the latest investigation results of Unit Reactor 2 of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power station. Nuclear residue from the unit’s reactor after the core melted was found for the first time.
ZH_REF: 日本东京电力公司１９日晚公布了对福岛第一核电站２号机组内部的最新调查结果，首次发现了该机组反应堆堆芯熔化后的核残渣。
ZH_HYP: 东京电力公司(东京电力公司(holding)宣布福岛第一核电站反应堆2的最新调查结果。

EN: When Associated Press took stock of the 2017 “big winners” in corporate America, Amazon was first on the list.
ZH_REF: 美联社在盘点美国公司２０１７“大赢家”时，第一个列出的就是亚马逊。
ZH_HYP: 当美联社对2017年“大奖”的评估时,亚马逊就在名单上。

EN: Between the 15th and the 19th, 16 invited think tank delegates from 11 countries including Angola, Kenya and South Africa visited China to observe and study the country.
ZH_REF: 15日至19日，来自安哥拉、肯尼亚、南非等11个国家的16名智库代表应邀对中国进行考察访问。
ZH_HYP: 在15日至19日,16位邀请了来自安哥拉、肯尼亚和南非在内的11个国家的坦克代表访问了中国,观察和研究了中国。

EN: As an economic information publisher, Thomson Reuters Foundation siad that China imported 7.3 million tonnes of plastic waste in China, accounting for 56% of the world’s total plastic waste import.
ZH_REF: 作为经济信息发布机构，汤森路透基金会说，中国2016年进口730万吨废塑料，占当年全世界废塑料进口额的56%。
ZH_HYP: 作为经济信息发布者,汤姆森路透社(siad)中国在中国进口了730万吨塑料废弃物,占全球总量的56%。

EN: Wang Zhidong, the lawyer representing the family of Zhang Yingying said that the family expressed relief at the decision made by the Attorney General. They thanked him and the local prosecutor for considering and respecting the wishes of the family, and made decisions that were compatible to the wishes of the family.
ZH_REF: 章莹颖家人的代理律师王志东表示，家人对司法部长的决定表示欣慰，感谢他和当地检察官考虑并尊重家人的请求，做出了与家人意愿相符的决定。
ZH_HYP: 张忠东代表张英英律师律师说,家庭对总检察长的决定表示慰问,并感谢他和地方检察官考虑和尊重家庭的意愿,并作出符合家庭的意愿。

EN: In 2017, e-commerce giant Amazon.com made frequent moves in the world. It not only successfully launched AI terminals but was also involved in the offline sector, opening a new chapter in new retail.
ZH_REF: ２０１７年，电商巨头亚马逊公司在全球动作频频，不仅成功推出人工智能终端，还涉足线下，掀开了新型零售的篇章。
ZH_HYP: 2017年,电子商务巨头amazon.com在全球范围内频繁地,不仅成功地推出了人工智能的终端,而且还参与了新的零售业。

EN: Although China is the world’s second largest pharmaceutical market after the US, some of the most effective modern medicines are not listed for sale in the market.
ZH_REF: 尽管中国是仅次于美国的世界第二大医药市场，但一些最有效的现代药品却没有上市销售。
ZH_HYP: 尽管中国是世界第二大制药市场,但一些最有效的现代药品并没有上市上市。

EN: According to the Forestry Department of Jilin, the 1998 data from a joint monitoring exercise by China, the US and Russia showed that there were only four to six Siberian tigers, and three to five Amur leopards living in the wild in Jilin Province.
ZH_REF: 据吉林省林业厅介绍，1998年中美俄等国联合监测的数据显示，吉林省仅有野生东北虎4到6只、东北豹3到5只。
ZH_HYP: 根据林林林林业局的数据,1998年中国、美国和俄罗斯联合监测活动的数据显示,只有四只西伯利亚老虎,有3至5名在吉林省的野

EN: Red meat, dairy, and chocolate could help relieve IBD
ZH_REF: 廋肉、奶制品和巧克力是否有助于缓解炎症性肠病 (IBD) ？
ZH_HYP: 红肉、乳制品和巧克力可以帮助减轻ibd

EN: Red meat and chocolate may sound like a nightmare for your digestive system.
ZH_REF: 廋肉和巧克力可能听起来像是你消化系统的梦魇。
ZH_HYP: 红肉和巧克力可能听起来像是一场噩梦。

EN: But a new study claims quite the opposite: a diet rich in meat-based protein and dairy treats could help relieve symptoms of sufferers of inflammatory bowel disease.
ZH_REF: 但是一项新的研究结果显示恰恰相反：富含肉类蛋白和乳制品的饮食可以帮助缓解炎症性肠病患者的相关症状。
ZH_HYP: 但是一项新的研究报告恰恰相反:饮食丰富的肉类蛋白质和乳制品治疗可以有助于缓解炎症肠疾病的症状。

EN: The incurable condition, which affects around 1.3 million in the US and 300,000 in the UK, causes stomach cramps and bloating, recurring or bloody diarrhea, weight loss and extreme tiredness.
ZH_REF: 该种不治之症为约 130 万名美国人和约30万英国人带来生活影响，导致胃痉挛和腹胀、经常性或出血性腹泻、体重减轻和极度疲倦等。
ZH_HYP: 这种不治之症的影响美国约130万,000万,造成胃筋抽筋和血腥,反复出现,或血腥的腹泻,体重下降和极度疲�

EN: While sufferers are usually advised to dodge meat and dairy to soothe their symptoms, researchers at Washington University found protein's essential amino acid tryptophan helps develop immune cells that foster a tolerant gut.
ZH_REF: 华盛顿大学的研究人员通常会建议患者避免进食肉类和奶制品以缓解症状，但研究人员发现蛋白质的关键氨基酸-色氨酸有助于促进免疫细胞生长，而这些细胞可增进肠道的耐受力。
ZH_HYP: 华盛顿大学的研究人员发现,患者通常会躲避肉和乳制品,以缓解症状,但研究人员发现蛋白质的氨基酸氨酸有助于培养出一种耐受的的肠道。

EN: Lead investigator Dr Marco Colonna explained immune cells patrol the gut to ensure that harmful microbes hidden in the food don't sneak into the body.
ZH_REF: 首席研究员马尔科?科隆纳 (Marco Colonna) 博士解释说，免疫细胞会在肠道中进行巡逻，确保隐藏在食物中的有害微生物不会悄悄进入体内。
ZH_HYP: 调查员调查员马科·科纳博士解释免疫细胞在肠道进行免疫,以确保食物中的有害的微生物不会溜进人体。

EN: Cells that are capable of triggering inflammation are balanced by cells that promote tolerance, protecting the body without damaging sensitive tissues.
ZH_REF: 引发炎症的细胞与增进耐受性的细胞之间保持均衡，保护身体而不损伤各类敏感脆弱的组织。
ZH_HYP: 能够引发炎症的细胞,细胞能促进宽容,保护身体不敏感的组织。

EN: When the balance tilts too far toward inflammation, inflammatory bowel disease can result.
ZH_REF: 当均衡状态过于偏向炎症时，就可能会发生炎症性肠病。
ZH_HYP: 当平衡倾斜太远,炎症肠炎会导致.

EN: In experiments it was found a kind of tolerance-promoting immune cell appears in mice that carry a specific bacterium in their guts.
ZH_REF: 在实验中发现一种促进免疫力的细胞出现在携带特殊细菌的小白鼠中。
ZH_HYP: 实验发现,一种一种耐受促进免疫细胞,在它们在其胆中携带特定细菌。

EN: And the bacterium needs tryptophan - one of the building blocks of proteins - to trigger the cells' appearance.
ZH_REF: 细菌需要色氨酸（蛋白质的构成部分之一）来形成细胞的外观。
ZH_HYP: 而细菌需要色氨酸——蛋白质的基石之一----触发细胞的外观。

EN: Professor Colonna said: 'We established a link between one bacterial species - Lactobacillus reuteri - that is a normal part of the gut microbiome, and the development of a population of cells that promote tolerance.
ZH_REF: 科隆纳教授说：“我们在一种细菌种群 (罗伊氏乳杆菌，这是肠道微生物群的正常部分) 和可促进耐受力的细胞种群发展之间建立了联系。
ZH_HYP: 教授说:“我们建立了一种细菌物种——乳菌菌----是一种正常的一部分,也是培养一种促进宽容的细胞的细胞。

EN: The more tryptophan the mice had in their diet, the more of these immune cells they had.'
ZH_REF: 小白鼠在饮食中摄入的色氨酸越多，它们的免疫细胞就越多。
ZH_HYP: 老鼠在饮食中的越多,它们就越多。

EN: He suggested if the same works in humans, a combination of L. reuteri and a tryptophan-rich diet may foster a more tolerant, less inflammatory gut environment.
ZH_REF: 他建议，如果人类使用相同的方法，即路氏乳酸杆菌和富含色氨酸的饮食相结合可能会形成一个更具耐受力，更少发炎性的肠道环境。
ZH_HYP: 他建议如果人类的同样的作用,l.reuteri和一个色谱的饮食可能会促进一种更宽容、更少的肠道环境。

EN: Postdoctoral researcher Dr Luisa Cervantes-Barraganwas studying a kind of immune cell that promotes tolerance when she discovered that one group of study mice had such cells but another group of the same strain but housed separately did not.
ZH_REF: 博士后研究员路易莎?塞万提斯?巴拉甘 (Luisa Cervantes-Barraganwas) 研究了一种可增进耐受力的免疫细胞，当她发现一组研究小鼠有这样的细胞，但是另一组同样的菌株分开饲养时没有。
ZH_HYP: 研究博士研究博士研究研究人员路易斯·加万斯斯-巴兰甘博士研究了一种免疫细胞,促进宽容,但另一组老鼠有同样的细胞,但另一组的菌株却没有。

EN: She suspected the difference had to do with the mice's gut microbiomes - the community of bacteria, viruses and fungi that normally live within the gastrointestinal tract.
ZH_REF: 她怀疑这种差异与小白鼠的肠道微生物 (指通常生活在胃肠道内的细菌，病毒和真菌) 群落有关。
ZH_HYP: 她怀疑这种差异与小鼠的肠道微生物----通常生活在胃肠道内的细菌、病毒和真菌。

EN: The guts of the mice were DNA sequenced and it was found six bacterial species present in the mice with the immune cells but absent from the mice without them.
ZH_REF: 对小白鼠的胆固醇进行 DNA 测序，发现有 6 种细菌种群存在于具有免疫细胞的小鼠体内，但没有免疫细胞的小白鼠体内则没有。
ZH_HYP: 老鼠的胆量是dna序列,它发现六只细菌在老鼠身上,但没有老鼠没有老鼠。

EN: Mice reared in a sterile environment so they lacked a gut microbiome and do not develop this kind of immune cell were given L. reuteri and the immune cells arose.
ZH_REF: 小白鼠在无菌环境中饲养，因此它们缺乏肠道微生物，并且不能出现这种免疫细胞，存在路氏乳杆菌则产生免疫细胞。
ZH_HYP: 老鼠在无菌环境中,它们缺乏一种肠道的微生物,也没有发展这种免疫细胞。

EN: To understand how the bacteria affected the immune system, the researchers grew L. reuteri in liquid and then transferred small amounts of the liquid - without bacteria - to immature immune cells isolated from mice.
ZH_REF: 为了理解细菌如何影响免疫系统，研究人员在液体中培养路氏乳杆菌，然后将无细菌的少量液体转移到从小白鼠分离出的未成熟免疫细胞中。
ZH_HYP: 为了了解细菌如何影响免疫系统,研究人员在液体中的了l.reuteri,然后将小少量液体----没有细菌----与与老鼠分离的免疫细胞。

EN: The immune cells developed into the tolerance-promoting cells.
ZH_REF: 该免疫细胞发育成为具有耐受力的细胞。
ZH_HYP: 免疫细胞发展成了耐受促进细胞.

EN: When the active component was purified from the liquid, it turned out to be a byproduct of tryptophan metabolism known as indole-3-lactic acid.
ZH_REF: 当从液体中纯化出活性成分时，可以证明该活性成分是色氨酸代谢的副产物，称为吲哚-3-乳酸。
ZH_HYP: 当活性成分从液体中分离出来,它是一种被称为甲酸的代谢的副产品。

EN: When the researchers doubled the amount of tryptophan in the mice's feed, the number of such cells rose by about 50 percent but when tryptophan levels were halved, the number of cells dropped by half.
ZH_REF: 当研究人员将小白鼠饲料中的色氨酸数量翻倍后，这类细胞的数量增加了大约 50％，但当色氨酸水平减半时，细胞数量减少了一半。
ZH_HYP: 当研究人员在老鼠喂食中的氨酸的数量增加了一倍,但当细胞的数量减少一半时,细胞的数量减少一半。

EN: Dr Cervantes-Barragan explained people have the same tolerance-promoting cells as mice, and most of us shelter L. reuteri in our gastrointestinal tracts.
ZH_REF: 塞万提斯?巴拉甘 (Cervantes-Barragan) 博士解释说，人们和老鼠一样，具有相同的增进耐受力的细胞，我们大多数人在我们的胃肠道中存在着路氏乳杆菌。
ZH_HYP: 医生医生-巴拉根博士解释说,我们的耐受促进细胞与小鼠一样的耐受促进细胞。

EN: It is not known whether tryptophan byproducts from L. reuteri induce the cells to develop in people as they do in mice, but defects in genes related to tryptophan have been found in people with inflammatory bowel disease.
ZH_REF: 人类是否可以像实验中的小白鼠一样将体内来自路氏乳杆菌的色氨酸副产物诱导细胞发育，目前尚未可知，但在炎症性肠病患者中发现与色氨酸有关的基因缺陷。
ZH_HYP: 不知道在细胞内的氨酸副生子是否会在小鼠体内培养,但在炎症肠道疾病的人体内,存在着缺陷。

EN: She said: 'The development of these cells is probably something we want to encourage since these cells control inflammation on the inner surface of the intestines.
ZH_REF: 她说：“这些细胞的发育可能正是我们想要得到的结果，因为这些细胞可以控制肠道内表面的炎症反应。
ZH_HYP: 她说:“这些细胞的发展可能是我们想鼓励的,因为这些细胞控制在肠内的内表面上的炎症。

EN: Potentially, high levels of tryptophan in the presence of L. reuteri may induce expansion of this population.'
ZH_REF: 可以不确切地说，在路氏乳杆菌中存在的高水平色氨酸可能会导致该菌种数量的增加。
ZH_HYP: 可能的,在l.reuteri的存在,可能会导致这种人口的扩张。

EN: Jose Mourinho thinks Manchester United have signed a 'genius' in Nemanja Matic
ZH_REF: 何塞·穆里尼奥认为曼联签下了“天才”内马尼亚·马蒂奇
ZH_HYP: 曼联在曼联在曼曼贾了“天才”

EN: Manchester United have signed a "genius" in Nemanja Matic, believes Jose Mourinho, after the midfielder made his debut against Sampdoria on Wednesday evening.
ZH_REF: 周三晚，内马尼亚·马蒂奇在桑普多利亚对抗赛首次亮相后，穆里尼奥认定曼联签下了一位“天才”中场球员。
ZH_HYP: 曼联在曼曼贾·曼斯签署了一个“天才”,相信这位曼联在周三晚上对桑普多利亚的比赛。

EN: However, having been left out of the Blues' preseason tour of Asia, Matic was severely lacking match fitness and only managed 45 minutes, something Mourinho admitted needed to be improved before the start of the Premier League season.
ZH_REF: 然而，在布鲁斯季前赛亚洲巡回赛中，马蒂奇比赛状态严重不足，只完成了 45 分钟的时间，穆里尼奥承认在英超赛季开始前需要改进。
ZH_HYP: 然而,由于在亚洲的蓝军赛赛中离开了蓝军,,马蒂与健身相匹配,而且只有45分钟,穆里尼奥在赛季开始前就必须得到改进。

EN: "He needs time but his experience, intelligence, a genius in the way he thinks - he thinks football," Mourinho said.
ZH_REF: “他需要时间，但他有经验、智慧以及天才的思考方式——他思考足球，”穆里尼奥说。
ZH_HYP: 他需要时间,但他的经验、智慧、天才的天才——他认为足球。

EN: "We will help him to be ready sooner rather than later."
ZH_REF: “我们会尽快帮助他做好准备。”
ZH_HYP: “我们将帮助他准备好。”

EN: As well as Matic, fellow new signings Victor Lindelof and Romelu Lukaku also started the game at the Aviva Stadium as Mourinho started to shape his starting XI for the start of the season.
ZH_REF: 穆里尼奥在本赛季开始时开始安排他的首发阵容。与马蒂奇一样，新签约球员维克多·林德洛夫和罗梅卢·卢卡库也开始了在英杰华体育场的比赛。
ZH_HYP: 同时,在穆里尼奥开始开始开始开始的开始时,维克和罗克克·卢卡库也开始开始了在阿夫里尼奥开始开始的开始的开始。

EN: The Independent revealed this week that Mourinho still wanted another three signings but he insisted that the club had already done a "fantastic job" of delivering three of his four priority signings.
ZH_REF: 独立报本周报道，穆里尼奥仍然希望再引进三位签约球员，但他坚持认为俱乐部“工作出色”，他心中有四位首选签约球员，俱乐部已经引进了其中三位。
ZH_HYP: 独立的透露,穆里尼奥还希望另外三个标志,但他坚持俱乐部已经做了一份“奇特”的工作。

EN: "To get three out of four I thank the club for that," he added.
ZH_REF: “俱乐部引进了其中三位签约球员，我十分感谢。”他补充说道。
ZH_HYP: “我四我,我俱乐部。

EN: "I will be happier if they get me four of four but they did a great effort for me."
ZH_REF: “如果俱乐部能够引进全部四位球员，我会更开心，但他们已经为我做出了很大的努力。”
ZH_HYP: “如果他们能让我四四,但他们为我做了巨大的努力。”

EN: The global spree of frigates building If China does not build this type of warships, will it fall behind?
ZH_REF: 全球在掀护卫舰高潮 中国如果不建这型军舰是否会落后？
ZH_HYP: 如果中国不建立这种军舰,那么它会落在?

EN: And the reason why it is necessary to build so many 054A frigates is simple, that is, it is affordable, easy to operate, and doing so can make up for the deficiency of Chinese Navel that has beset the Naval for many years.
ZH_REF: 而为何要建造这么多054A的原因也很简单，那就是实惠、好用、外加补充多年来的海军欠账。
ZH_HYP: 而如此,需要建设这么多054个护卫舰的原因,这就是简单的,操作,而且可以弥补多年来困扰中国海军的的不足。

EN: Then how should China develop its new frigates? This has a direct bearing on its future orientation and the strategic direction of Chinese navy.
ZH_REF: 那么说中国的新型护卫舰应该如何发展，这与其将来的定位和我们中国海军的战略方针有着直接关系。
ZH_HYP: 那么,中国应如何发展其新的护卫舰?

EN: Based on the above positioning, we can boldly imagine the rough appearance of the new frigates in the future.
ZH_REF: 基于上述的定位，可以大胆的设想出未来国产护卫舰的大概模样。
ZH_HYP: 基于上述定位,我们可以大胆地想象一下未来的新护卫舰。

EN: Thus, the overall level of the new frigates will edge into the world's top bracket, even comparable to the FFG frigates of the USA.
ZH_REF: 这样一来新型护卫舰的总体水平将会达到目前世界上的一流水准，即使是同美国的FFG相比也不逞多让。
ZH_HYP: 因此,新的护卫舰的总水平将与美国的的弗吉德护卫舰相比较。

EN: Of course, these are only the author's conjecture on domestically produced new frigates. Only when the new frigates are launched into the water can we know the truth. Let's anticipate the day.
ZH_REF: 当然上述的概念只是笔者对于国产新型护卫舰的猜想，具体如何我们只能等到新型护卫舰下水的时候才能一探究竟，让我们共同期待吧。
ZH_HYP: 当然,这些只是作者对国内生产的新的护卫舰,只有当新的护卫舰进水水中,我们才能知道真相。

EN: (Makalov)
ZH_REF: （马卡洛夫）
ZH_HYP: (马卡洛夫)

EN: (Compiled by / Feng Xue)
ZH_REF: （编译/冯雪）
ZH_HYP: (按编撰编)

EN: Just a couple of days ago, Wonly had passed the on-site inspection of the “Made in Zhejiang” certification expert team.
ZH_REF: 就在前两天，王力已通过了“浙江制造”认证专家组的现场审核。
ZH_HYP: 就在几天前,我们通过了浙江"认证专家小组的现场视察。

EN: Wonly Group is but an epitome of standards driving industry toward structural transformation.
ZH_REF: 王力集团只是标准撬动产业转型升级的一个缩影。
ZH_HYP: 韩利集团是一个推动产业走向结构转型的标准.

EN: Buyang Group and Qunsheng Group are also enterprises in the city that are carrying out the Made in Zhejiang team’s benchmarking and and standard achievement work.
ZH_REF: 我市与其同步开展浙江制造团体标准对标和达标工作的还有步阳、群升集团。
ZH_HYP: 集团和群集团也是浙江集团和的企业,也是浙江集团的的企业。

EN: Since our City formulated the Made in Zhejiang standards for the burglar-proof doors industry last year, Xinyue, Simto and other enterprises have also actively applied to undergo benchmarking.
ZH_REF: 自去年由我市防盗安全门行业制定的浙江制造团队标准制定以来，星月、新多等企业也在积极申请对接对标工作。
ZH_HYP: 由于我们的城市为入门防盗门行业的标准,西西、西蒙和其他企业也积极积极地运用了基准。

EN: It is learned that Morris will head for hospital to accept acupunture therapy after arriving at Beijing from Chengdu, so as to prevent the injury from continuous deterioration.
ZH_REF: 据了解，在从成都客场回到北京后，莫里斯继续前往医院进行了针灸治疗，以保证伤情不会继续恶化。
ZH_HYP: 据悉,莫里斯将前往北京接受针刺疗法,以防止持续恶化。

EN: In a statement released earlier this week, Samsung stated that 93% of the Note 7 smartphones in the US have been recalled.
ZH_REF: 三星在本周早些时候发布的一份声明中说，在美国市场，93%的已售Note7智能手机已被召回。
ZH_HYP: 三星在本周早些时候发表的声明中表示,美国美国的93%的智能手机。

EN: Finally, Li Yanhong also said that China does not lack good stories, but does not have “IPs with ecological effect that can transcend cultures” like Harry Porter, and this “ecological thinking” is precisely an area we should learn from Hollywood.
ZH_REF: 最后，李彦宏还称，中国不缺好故事，但没有像哈利波特那样“能跨越文化，具备生态效应的IP”，而这种“生态思维”正是我们该向好莱坞学习的地方。
ZH_HYP: 最后,李艳红还说,中国并不具备良好的故事,但没有““生态”的生态效应,这种“生态思维”正是我们应该从好莱坞学习的一个领域。

EN: China's household debt ratio is close to the United States. Is being unable to repay loan more frightening than being unable to afford a home?
ZH_REF: 中国家庭债务率接近美国 比买不起房更可怕的是还不起债？
ZH_HYP: 中国的家庭债务比率与美国接近美国,无法偿还贷款的贷款?

EN: Recently, everyone has been talking about the recent changes in real estate policies. Is it true that real estate policies have been loosened? Is the diversification of land supply going to bring down the housing prices?
ZH_REF: 最近一段时间，大家都在讨论房地产政策最近有什么变化，是不是房地产政策又要松绑了？土地政策供给主体多元化，会不会让房价出现下降呢？
ZH_HYP: 最近,每个人都在谈论房地产政策的变化,房地产政策是否被放宽?

EN: Today, let's discuss the question more serious than buying a house: repay the loan.
ZH_REF: 今天，我们就来聊聊比买房更为严峻的问题：还贷。
ZH_HYP: 今天,我们比买房更严肃地讨论这个问题。

EN: I. China's growing housing debt crisis
ZH_REF: 一、中国日益严重的房债危机
ZH_HYP: 一、中国的住房债务危机

EN: The residents sector accounts for an increasing share of the total debt in the real economy, and the leverage ratio has risen rapidly.
ZH_REF: 居民部门在全部实体经济中的债务占比加大，杠杆率上升速度较快。
ZH_HYP: 居民部门在实体经济中占比重不断增加,杠杆率迅速上升。

EN: Relevant studies have shown that Chinese households' debts in financial institutions are dominated by consumer loans, which account for about two-thirds of residents' debts, which is about twice that of business loans.
ZH_REF: 有关研究表明，中国家庭在金融机构的负债以消费性贷款为主，约占居民负债的2/3，大约是经营性贷款的2倍。
ZH_HYP: 有关研究表明,中国金融机构的债务是由消费者贷款主导,而这些贷款占居民债务的三分之二,这是商业贷款的两倍。

EN: Among the consumer loans, medium- and long-term loans dominated by housing loans accounted for about 80%, but short-term consumer loans grow faster than medium- and long-term loans.
ZH_REF: 其中，在消费性贷款中，以住房贷款为主的中长期贷款占八成左右，但从增量看，短期消费贷款增长速度较快，高于中长期贷款。
ZH_HYP: 在贷款中,住房贷款占中长期贷款占80%左右,但短期贷款增长速度超过中长期贷款增长速度。

EN: Moreover, the household debt ratio figure obtained in the study is only reflects the total amount of credit that the household sector obtains from financial institutions. In fact, many Chinese households borrow money from private sources including relatives and friends, creating a large amount invisible loans.
ZH_REF: 除此之外，中国家庭债务率只是统计了家庭部门从金融机构获取的信贷总额，而中国家庭还有不少包括向亲戚朋友借钱在内的民间借贷，存在大规模隐性债务。
ZH_HYP: 此外,研究中的家庭债务比率只反映了家庭部门从金融机构获得的信贷总额,事实上,许多中国家庭从私人来源包括亲属和朋友那里借钱,创造了大量的隐形贷款。

EN: Let's make another comparison. In May last year, HSBC issued an investigation report involving 10,000 respondents in 9 countries.
ZH_REF: 我们再对比一个数据，去年五月份，汇丰银行发布了一项横跨9国、受访者接近上万人的调查报告。
ZH_HYP: 我们在去年五月,汇丰银行发表了一份调查报告,涉及10,000名调查对象。

EN: The investigation was targeted at young people in the millennial generation (born between 1980 and 2000) in nine countries.
ZH_REF: 这项报告的访问对象为9个国家的“千禧一代”年轻人（出生在1980年至2000年间）。
ZH_HYP: 调查对象是在9个国家的9个国家(1980年至2000年)。

EN: The report pointed out that China's young people who were born in 1980s and 1990s have a home ownership rate of 70%, far ahead of Mexico at the second place (46%), and twice the US level (35%).
ZH_REF: 报告指出，中国的80、90后年轻人住房拥有率高达70%，遥遥领先第二名墨西哥（46%），也是美国该项指标（35%）的2倍水平。
ZH_HYP: 报告指出,中国1980年代和1990年代出生的年轻人拥有70%的家庭所有权率,远远低于墨西哥(46%),比美国的两倍(35%)。

EN: These figures reveals that compared to the problem of being unable to afford homes, the biggest risk of 'Grey Rhinoceros' for Chinese residents at present is likely to be being unable to repay debt.
ZH_REF: 这些数据告诉我们一个极有可能出现的问题，那就是相比于买不起房而言，中国居民现阶段最大的潜在“灰犀牛”估计会是还不起债了。
ZH_HYP: 这些数字表明,与目前中国居民相比,目前中国居民面临的“灰色犀牛”的风险可能可能无法偿还债务。

EN: 2. Why is the housing debt crisis the most serious problem?
ZH_REF: 二、房债危机为什么才是最为严重的问题？
ZH_HYP: 2.为什么住房债务危机最严重的问题?

EN: The blame for the real estate crisis in the United States falls on two financial institutions: Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
ZH_REF: 而美国房地产危机出现的原因则被归咎于两房：房利美和房地美。
ZH_HYP: 美国房地产危机的责任在于两个金融机构:房利美和房地美。

EN: In this way, a huge vicious circle formed:
ZH_REF: 于是，一个巨大的恶性循环就此形成：
ZH_HYP: 这样,形成了一个巨大的恶性循环:

EN: “Economy downturn – incomes fall – some people can’t repay mortgages – banks sell defaulted houses at low prices – house prices fall – more people stop paying home mortgages – banks sell houses again – prices fall again ..."
ZH_REF: “经济不景气——收入下滑——一部分人还不起房贷——银行低价出售欠账人的房子——房价下跌——更多的人停止还房贷——银行又出售——房价又下跌……”
ZH_HYP: “经济下滑——收入下降——有些人无法偿还贷款——银行以低价出售房屋——房价下跌——更多的人不再再买家房屋——再次下跌.....

EN: Thus, with the effect of such vicious cycle one after another, the U.S. economy gradually collapsed and eventually triggered the U.S. financial crisis in 2008.
ZH_REF: 于是，就在这样一个接一个的恶性循环下，美国的经济逐渐陷于崩溃，最终引发了美国2008年的金融危机。
ZH_HYP: 因此,随着这种恶性循环的影响,美国经济逐渐崩溃,最终导致2008年美国金融危机。

EN: It's no wonder that the central government has set the tone for the real estate market: Houses are for living, not for speculation. The government are taking multiple measures to resolve potential risks, including increasing land and housing supply and encouraging house renting.
ZH_REF: 于是有了之后房子是用来住的、不是用来炒的定位，国家更加快建立多主体供给、多渠道保障、租购并举等多重措施，进一步化解潜在风险。
ZH_HYP: 中央政府为房地产市场定下了基调,而不是为了投机而采取了多种措施,包括增加土地和住房供应,鼓励房屋租房。

EN: Author: researcher of Suning Institute of Finance, financial columnist, financial commentator.
ZH_REF: 作者：苏宁金融研究院特约研究员，财经专栏作家，财经评论员。
ZH_HYP: 作者:宁金融研究所研究员、金融专栏作家.

EN: The first WeChat public number: jianghanview
ZH_REF: 首发微信公众号：江瀚视野观察（jianghanview）
ZH_HYP: 第一号号:jianhanie

EN: This one also gave me a better sense of all the internal technology Facebook engineers get to use, as well as a thorough overview of home automation.
ZH_REF: 这也让我对Facebook工程师需要使用的所有内部技术有了更好的了解，也可以更全面地认识家庭自动化。
ZH_HYP: 这也使我更好地了解了facebook工程师的使用,以及对家庭自动化的全面。

EN: Wang Jianlin, Wanda’s chairman, was struggling with the competition and busy with it both online and offline. He even attended two news conferences of “China Cup" in person, but it turned out to be a one-sided enthusiasm.
ZH_REF: 万达董事长王健林辛辛苦苦攒了这个比赛，线上线下都在不停地忙活，甚至亲自出席了两场“中国杯”发布会，结果变成了剃头挑子一头热。
ZH_HYP: 他甚至参加了两次“中国杯”的新闻发布会,他在网上和离线上忙,但他甚至参加了两次“中国杯”,但这是是片面的热情。

EN: Many online shoppers found the words “Affected by haze” in their express delivery logistics status today.
ZH_REF: 今天不少网购消费者发现在自己快递物流状态中，出现了“雾霾影响”的字眼。
ZH_HYP: 许多网上购物者在今天的快递物流物流物流物流公司。

EN: The impact of haze is a reason for delays in express deliveries. Traffic restrictions are implemented in many locations, resulting in inadequate delivery capacity.
ZH_REF: 快递延误原因之一在于，受雾霾天气影响，多地实行交通管制，运力不足。
ZH_HYP: 雾的影响是造成运货的延误的原因,交通限制在许多地点实施,造成了不足。

EN: British inventor microchips himself to get into house and car with a wave of hand
ZH_REF: 英国发明家在自己体内植入芯片，挥手即可进屋进车
ZH_HYP: 英英发明家用手手,用手走进车

EN: A British inventor has become the first in the country to be fitted with a microchip so he can open his front door, access his office and even start his car with just a wave of his hand.
ZH_REF: 一英国发明家为自己安装芯片，只需挥一挥手即可打开他家前门、进入办公室甚至将车启动，成为全国第一人。
ZH_HYP: 英国的发明家已经成为第一个在国家的第一个,他可以打开他的门,甚至用手手开始他的车。

EN: Steven Northam, 33, had the tiny chip implanted between his thumb and finger and is now offering the service to businesses and individuals who want to simplify their life with technology through his company BioTeq.
ZH_REF: 33 岁的史蒂文·诺瑟姆在他的拇指和食指间植入一块小小的芯片，且现在正为想要简化自己生活的公司和个人提供此项服务，该服务由他的公司 BioTeq 通过技术来实现。
ZH_HYP: 33岁的史蒂文·北姆,他的小芯片植入他的拇指和手指之间,现在现在正在为那些通过他的公司比特劳克公司提供服务。

EN: He has teamed up with Dr Geoff Watson, a consultant anesthetist at the Royal Hampshire County Hospital in Winchester, Hants, to ensure the implant procedure is carried out to a medical standard.
ZH_REF: 他已和汉普郡温彻斯特皇家汉普郡医院的高级顾问麻醉师杰夫?沃森医生联手，确保植入过程达到医学标准。
ZH_HYP: 他与温彻斯特皇家汉普郡温州医院的顾问顾问杰夫·沃森博士,以确保植入手术程序。

EN: The technology is similar to a microchip implanted for cats and dogs, and takes just 30 seconds.
ZH_REF: 该技术与猫狗芯片植入类似，且只需 30 秒。
ZH_HYP: 这种技术与于为猫和狗的植入的芯片,只需30秒。

EN: Mr Northam's company will also alter locks on houses and cars so they are compatible with the chip, for a cost of £300 each lock.
ZH_REF: 诺瑟姆先生的公司也会更换各房间和车辆的锁，以与该芯片兼容，每把锁花费 300 英镑。
ZH_HYP: 北姆的公司也将改变锁和汽车的锁,,因此与芯片相容,每每300英镑。

EN: The married father of one now has technology fitted to both his home and his BMW Z4, which starts when his hand is on the wheel.
ZH_REF: 这位拥有一个孩子的已婚父亲现在已为他家和他的 BMW Z4 都安装了该技术，他只要把手放在方向盘上即可将车启动。
ZH_HYP: 现在,一个人的父亲和宝马的技术,他的手开始在车轮上。

EN: Hu Angang had mixed feelings about this Central Financial and Economic Work Conference. The content of this conference not only focused on national development, but will also have an impact on one’s personal life.
ZH_REF: 谈起这次中央财经工作会议胡鞍钢感触良多，这次会议内容既关注国家发展，也影响个人生活。
ZH_HYP: 胡梁对这次中央金融和经济工作会议的看法,本会议的内容不仅集中于国家发展,还将对个人的个人生活产生影响。

EN: On July 10, the National Bureau of Statistics released the June 2016 Consumer Price Index (CPI) and Producer Price Index (PPI).
ZH_REF: 7月10日，国家统计局发布了2016年6月份全国居民消费价格指数（CPI）和工业生产者出厂价格指数（PPI）。
ZH_HYP: 7月10日,国家统计局公布了2016年6月消费物价指数和生产者价格指数。

EN: White House Prop Cost Taxpayers Thousands
ZH_REF: 白宫道具耗资数千
ZH_HYP: 纳税人

EN: The White House's decision to fly a Marine helicopter to the South Lawn for an event highlighting American manufacturing last month cost taxpayers as much as $24,000, according to military records released to TIME.
ZH_REF: 根据《时代》杂志发布的军事记录记载，上个月白宫决定运送一架海军陆战队直升机至南草坪用于彰显美国制造业的巨大荣耀，耗资高达 24,000 美元。
ZH_HYP: 据美国的的军事记录显示,白宫决定将一架海军陆战队飞往南草坪,这将使纳税人的成本高达24000美元。

EN: The green-and-white Sikorsky VH-3D, known as Marine One when the President is aboard, was the centerpiece of the July 17 event at the White House showcasing American construction programs.
ZH_REF: 绿白相间的 Sikorsky VH-3D（总统乘坐时也称海军陆战队一号）是白宫 7 月 17 日凸显美国建造项目活动上的重要展品。
ZH_HYP: 白白的西白西,在白宫的7月17日的活动的核心,是白宫的的。

EN: President Donald Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and senior White House officials toured manufacturing products from all 50 states.
ZH_REF: 总统唐纳德·特朗普、副总统迈克·彭斯和众白宫高级官员巡视了来自全部 50 个州的制造产品。
ZH_HYP: 特朗普总统、副总统迈克·彭斯和白宫高级官员都将制造产品。

EN: The Connecticut-made helicopter was displayed alongside a yacht from Maine, a fire truck from Wisconsin, and a forklift from Mississippi.
ZH_REF: 展品有康涅狄格州制造的直升机、一艘缅因州的游艇、一辆威斯康辛州的消防车和一台密西西比州的叉车。
ZH_HYP: 康涅狄格制造的直升机飞机与来自缅因州的一个消防车和密西西比州的一个叉车一起展示。

EN: "I just wanted you to make sure you were aware because it's such an unusual high visibility event," the commander of HMX-1 emailed his superior, the Marine Deputy Commandant for Aviation, the day before the event.
ZH_REF: 活动前一天，HMX-1 指挥官在向上级海军陆战队飞行副司令发送的电子邮件中表示“我只想确认您知晓，因为这此次活动受到高度重视。”
ZH_HYP: “我只是想让你知道,因为这是一个非常不寻常的事件,”hmx-1司令部指挥官在他的上级,航空的副指挥官。

EN: The message indicated the helicopter would arrive on the South Lawn at approximately 7 a.m. on July 17 for the 3 p.m. event, and remain until the lawn was cleared between 6 p.m. and 9 p.m. that evening.
ZH_REF: 该信息表明该直升机将于 7 月 17 日大约上午 7 点抵达南草坪参加下午 3 点的活动，在当天晚上 6 点至 9 点草坪清空后才离开。
ZH_HYP: 消息表明,直升机将于7月17日上午7时抵达南草坪,下午7点左右,直到下午6点至9时,直到下午6时。

EN: The note adds that should the departure from the White House be delayed, a second aircrew would be needed for the return flight due to duty-hour restrictions.
ZH_REF: 该信息还表示万一从白宫出发的时间推迟，回航则因为值班时间限制需要第二组机组人员。
ZH_HYP: 该说明还说,如果离白宫的离开,,由于飞行时的飞行需要第二次空勤人员。

EN: The original flight crew was with the helicopter during the event, while unit security personnel remained with the aircraft while it was the ground.
ZH_REF: 原机组人员在活动期间在直升机边待命，而保安部队人员在飞机位于地面时在附近待命。
ZH_HYP: 在这次活动期间,原飞行机组人员在飞机上,而机上是地面。

EN: It was not clear from records provided to TIME whether a second flight crew was ultimately required.
ZH_REF: 《时代》杂志得到的记录中并未清楚指出最终是否需要第二组机组人员。
ZH_HYP: 从提供的记录中不清楚是否需要机组人员。

EN: The Hatch Act prohibits federal employees from using government property for political purposes.
ZH_REF: 《哈奇法案》禁止联邦雇员出于政治目的使用政府财产。
ZH_HYP: 《舱门》禁止联邦雇员出于政治目的使用政府财产。

EN: Records indicate that HMX-1 inquired about whether the event might violate the provision.
ZH_REF: 记录指出 HMX-1 曾询问此次活动是否违反了该法案。
ZH_HYP: 记录表明,hmx-1询问事件是否会违反该规定。

EN: "One question we asked was if it was a violation of the Hatch Act and were informed it was not," the commander wrote.
ZH_REF: 该指挥官写道“我们问的一个问题是这是否违反了《哈奇法案》，并被告知没有违反。”
ZH_HYP: ”我们问的一个问题是,是否违反了舱门行为,而且被告知它。

EN: "Sounds like you are locked," the Deputy Commandant replied.
ZH_REF: “听起来你被锁住了啊，”副司令回复道。
ZH_HYP: 副指挥官说:“听起来很好。”

EN: The "Made in America" event was designated an official event by the White House, and would not have been covered by the Hatch Act.
ZH_REF: 白宫将此次“美国制造”活动定义为官方活动，因此不受《哈奇法案》管辖。
ZH_HYP: "美国"活动被白宫指定为正式活动,而且不会被《舱门》的规定。

EN: But even official events have political overtones.
ZH_REF: 但是即使是官方活动也带有政治色彩。
ZH_HYP: 但即便是官方的事件也有政治色彩。

EN: At the event, the President made a push for healthcare reform efforts then underway in the Senate and touted efforts to rein in government regulations.
ZH_REF: 活动中，总统推行当时参议院的议题：医疗改革，并大肆吹捧对政府法规的管控。
ZH_HYP: 在这次活动中,总统推动了医疗改革工作,并努力努力政府的条例。

EN: Using the aircraft known as Marine One or Air Force One for politically advantageous purposes is hardly a new phenomenon.
ZH_REF: 将海军陆战队一号或空军一号飞机用于政治宣传目的已经不是什么新鲜事。
ZH_HYP: 在政治上的目的,使用飞机称为"海军"或空军"的飞机,并不是一种新的现象。

EN: Presidents are required to use them for travel.
ZH_REF: 历届总统都被要求出行需乘坐这些飞机。
ZH_HYP: 主席必须使用他们来旅行。

EN: But requisitioning their use solely for a photo-op is unusual.
ZH_REF: 但是仅为拍照目的将其征用并不常见。
ZH_HYP: 但只用它们仅仅是照片的的。

EN: Trump drew scrutiny in February when the presidential airplane taxied to the backdrop of his first campaign rally in Melbourne, Fla., and his Twitter account is flush with messages complaining about his predecessor's use of the presidential aircraft.
ZH_REF: 二月份特朗普就受到关注，当时是在佛罗里达州墨尔本，总统专机慢慢滑行，最终停到了他第一次竞选集会的背景布处，而他的推特账户充斥着对前任总统使用总统专机的抱怨信息。
ZH_HYP: 特朗普在2月在梅尔本第一次竞选竞选时,他的的竞选活动的背景下,他的twitter账户正在冲红,他的twitter账户也在冲洗。

EN: "The White House is thrilled with the 'Made In America' showcase that featured products from all 50 states that are made by American workers with American materials," said White House deputy press secretary Lindsay Walters.
ZH_REF: 白宫副新闻发言人林赛·沃尔特斯称“白宫因此次‘美国制造’展览而激动不已，此次展览展示了来自全部 50 个州的产品，这些产品均由美国工人使用美国材料制造。”
ZH_HYP: 白宫白宫副秘书林赛·沃尔特说:“美国美国的展示美国50个州的美国工人制造的产品,美国美国的产品。

EN: HMX-1 crews frequently perform training flights around the Washington area and at the South Lawn to practice depositing the President of the United States at the White House with inches of precision.
ZH_REF: HMX-1 机组人员经常在华盛顿地区附近和南草坪进行飞行训练，练习将美国总统准确安置在白宫。
ZH_HYP: hmx-1号人员经常在华盛顿地区和南草坪上进行训练班,以精确地将美国总统存放在白宫。

EN: When Trump was at the G-20 summit in Germany in early July, HMX-1 conducted 58 practice landings at the White House.
ZH_REF: 7 月初特朗普在德国参加 G-20 峰会期间，HMX-1 在白宫练习了 58 次着陆。
ZH_HYP: 当7月初在德国举行的g-20国峰会时,hmx-1在白宫进行了58次练习。

EN: The flight for the Made in America event counted toward the aircrew's training requirement for the month, an official said.
ZH_REF: 一位官员称，此次美国制造活动飞行计入本月机组人员训练要求中。
ZH_HYP: 一位官员说,美国飞机的飞机的飞机的飞机。

EN: Unit helicopters also flew an additional 11 hours that day for "non-presidential support missions."
ZH_REF: 直升机部队当天也额外飞行了 11 个小时的“非总统支援任务”。
ZH_HYP: 直升机还在当天又飞行11个小时。

EN: The White House said taxpayers did not pick up the burden for any of the other props featured at the event.
ZH_REF: 白宫方面称纳税人并没有承担此次活动中任何其他道具的费用。
ZH_HYP: 白宫表示,纳税人没有在此次活动中的任何一个。

EN: A spokesperson for Sikorsky said the company was not involved in arranging for the helicopter to be displayed on the South Lawn.
ZH_REF: Sikorsky 发言人称该公司并未参与安排南草坪直升机展示。
ZH_HYP: 西科尔斯基的发言人说,该公司没有参与安排在南草坪上展示的。

EN: HMX-1 doesn't maintain budgetary records for presidential flights, and determining the precise cost incurred by the event is difficult.
ZH_REF: HMX-1 并没有保留总统飞行的预算记录，因此要确定此次活动产生的准确费用非常困难。
ZH_HYP: hmx-1并没有为总统航班的预算记录,确定事件所造成的确切成本。

EN: But according to Department of Defense hourly rates for fiscal year 2017, the DoD reimbursement rate for the VH-3D is $24,380 per flight hour.
ZH_REF: 但是根据国防部 2017 财政年度的小时费用记载，VH-3D 的国防部可报销费用为每飞行小时 24,380 美元。
ZH_HYP: 但根据2017财政年度国防部的国防部的,vh-3d的补偿标准是每小时24380美元。

EN: Unit records record the aircraft flight time as 30 minutes each way from its home base at Marine Corps Air Facility Quantico in Virginia.
ZH_REF: 部队记录记录了飞机每次从弗吉尼亚州匡提科海军陆战队机场的基地飞行的时间为 30 分钟。
ZH_HYP: 单位记录记录飞机的飞机时间从其在弗吉尼亚州的陆战队的30分钟。

EN: The White House argues the true cost of operating the helicopter is well below that rate.
ZH_REF: 白宫方面称操作该直升机的成本远低于该费用。
ZH_HYP: 白宫认为,直升机运行直升机的成本远远低于这一比率。

EN: "To place a cost to taxpayers based on the reimbursement rate estimates is highly misleading," Walters said.
ZH_REF: 沃尔特斯称“基于可报销费来估计纳税人所出的费用非常有误导性。
ZH_HYP: 沃尔特说:“将费用费用成本估算为纳税人的成本是非常误导的。

EN: "These rate estimates include personnel, maintenance and many other sunk costs that are included in annual appropriations."
ZH_REF: 这些估计的费用包括人员费用、维护费和其他很多包括在年度拨款中的沉没成本。
ZH_HYP: "这些费率估计包括人员、维修费和许多其他沉没费用。

EN: According to a 2015 RAND study, DoD reimbursement rates do not include the cost of personnel, but do account for fuel, maintenance, and contracting costs.
ZH_REF: 一份 2015 年的 RAND 研究显示，国防部可报销费用并不包括人员费用，但确实包括油费、维护费和订约成本。
ZH_HYP: 根据2015年的一项研究,dod偿还率不包括人员费用,但对燃料、维护和订约成本的说明。

EN: At the time, former White House press secretary Sean Spicer defended the use of the helicopter for the event.
ZH_REF: 当时，前白宫新闻发言人肖恩·斯派克为此次活动使用该直升机辩护，
ZH_HYP: 当时,白宫新闻秘书肖恩·斯皮斯为这次事件辩护了辩护.

EN: "The idea is to showcase this week things that are made in America," Spicer said.
ZH_REF: 并称“想法是在本周展示美国制造的东西，
ZH_HYP: “这个想法是为了展示美国的的东西。

EN: "And I know Sikorsky and the state of Connecticut are very proud of the fact that they contribute to our national security, that there are, I assume, hundreds if not thousands of people whose job depends on that.
ZH_REF: 而且我知道 Sikorsky 公司和康涅狄格州都为此感到自豪，他们都为我们的国家安全贡献了一份力量，我猜测就算没有数千也有数百人的工作要依赖于此。
ZH_HYP: 我知道西科尔斯和康涅狄格州为我们的国家安全做出了贡献,我认为,如果他们的工作有成千上万的人,他们,我就有数以百计的人。

EN: And I think, like most Americans, we're all proud of the helicopter and other military equipment that so many Americans worked tirelessly to do.
ZH_REF: 而且我觉得像大部分美国人一样，我们都为这架直升机和其他军事设备感到自豪，这是无数美国人不辞辛劳作出的成果。
ZH_HYP: 我认为,像大多数美国人一样,我们都为许多美国人不懈的努力。

EN: So, of course, it's appropriate to highlight that."
ZH_REF: 所以彰显这一点当然并没有不合时宜。”
ZH_HYP: 当然,,应该强调这一点。

EN: It wasn't clear whether Trump interacted with the helicopter as he toured the South Lawn for the event, but he did step into the driver's seat of a fire truck.
ZH_REF: 我们并不清楚特朗普在活动中游览南草坪时是否与该直升机互动，但他确实坐上了消防车的驾驶座。
ZH_HYP: 特朗普是否与直升机在一起为这次活动而了南草坪,但他还是进入了司机的的消防车的。

EN: Inside the White House, Trump addressed Sikorsky representatives, joking with the media about his own fleet of company products.
ZH_REF: 在白宫内，特朗普向 Sikorsky 公司代表发表讲话，拿他自己拥有的该公司飞机跟媒体开玩笑。
ZH_HYP: 在白宫内部,特朗普向sikorksky的代表发表了开玩笑,开玩笑说他自己的公司产品的车队。

EN: "I know Sikorsky very well," the President said, "I have three of them."
ZH_REF: 他说“我很了解 Sikorsky 飞机。我有三架。”
ZH_HYP: “我很清楚西科尔斯基很好,”总统说,“我有三个人。”

EN: Brilliant Metaphors of Xi Jinping about Comprehensively Strengthening Party Discipline
ZH_REF: 习近平关于全面从严治党的妙喻
ZH_HYP: 习近平的习近平的

EN: With respect to comprehensively strengthening party discipline, General Secretary Xi Jinping has given many vivid and impressive metaphors, so let’s review them together!
ZH_REF: 关于全面从严治党，习近平总书记有过很多形象的比喻，一同回顾！
ZH_HYP: 在加强党的纪律方面,习近平总书记习近平给了许多生动生动的印象,让我们一起审查它们。

EN: -- On January 11, 2018, Xi Jinping gave a keynote speech during the second plenary session of the 19th Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China
ZH_REF: ——2018年1月11日，习近平在中国共产党第十九届中央纪律检查委员会第二次全体会议上发表重要讲话
ZH_HYP: --2018年1月11日,习近平在中国共产党第十九届中央委员会第二次全体会议上发表了主旨演讲

EN: -- On January 11, 2018, Xi Jinping gave a keynote speech during the second plenary session of the 19th Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China
ZH_REF: ——2018年1月11日，习近平在中国共产党第十九届中央纪律检查委员会第二次全体会议上发表重要讲话
ZH_HYP: --2018年1月11日,习近平在中国共产党第十九届中央委员会第二次全体会议上发表了主旨演讲

EN: It is impossible to ensure implementation of policies by taking showy and impractical actions and shouting slogans. Without practical actions, we can’t ensure proper implementation of policies only by holding meetings and issuing documents. We must do our works in a practical manner.
ZH_REF: 抓落实来不得花拳绣腿，光喊口号、不行动不行，单单开会、发文件不够，必须落到实处。
ZH_HYP: 不可能确保采取政策的政策,采取不实际行动,不可能确保政策的实施,我们不能确保会议和印发文件,我们必须以实际的方式。

EN: -- During December 25 and 26, 2017, Xi Jinping gave a keynote speech at the meeting of democratic life held by Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the CPC
ZH_REF: ——2017年12月25日至26日，习近平在中央政治局召开的民主生活会上发表重要讲话
ZH_HYP: --2017年12月25日和26日,习近平在中央中央委员会政治局举行的民主生活会议上发表了主旨演讲

EN: -- During December 25 and 26, 2017, Xi Jinping gave a keynote speech at the meeting of democratic life held by Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the CPC
ZH_REF: ——2017年12月25日至26日，习近平在中央政治局召开的民主生活会上发表重要讲话
ZH_HYP: --2017年12月25日和26日,习近平在中央中央委员会政治局举行的民主生活会议上发表了主旨演讲

EN: A person of virtue will attract a group of persons of virtue, so all people will emulate those better than themselves and the action will become a common practice. Personnel appointment serves as the “wind vane”, which will determine the work style of cadres and even the work style of the Party.
ZH_REF: 用一贤人则群贤毕至，见贤思齐就蔚然成风。选什么人就是风向标，就有什么样的干部作风，乃至就有什么样的党风。
ZH_HYP: 美德人将吸引一群美德人,因此,所有人都会比自己效仿,而人事任命将成为“风风风风风风”,它将决定干部的工作风格,甚至是党

EN: -- From the speech delivered by Xi Jinping at the National Organization Working Conference on June 28, 2013
ZH_REF: ——2013年6月28日，习近平在全国组织工作会议上的讲话
ZH_HYP: ----习近平在2013年6月28日举行的全国组织工作会议上发表讲话

EN: -- On October 18, 2017, Xi Jinping pointed out the following during the 19th CPC National Congress
ZH_REF: ——2017年10月18日，习近平在中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会上的报告指出
ZH_HYP: ——2017年10月18日,习近平指出了中国共产党第19届大会期间的以下问题

EN: At present, the anti-corruption campaign is still facing a complex and challenging situation, so we must be rock-firm determined to consolidate the overwhelming trend and win an overwhelming victory.
ZH_REF: 当前，反腐败斗争形势依然严峻复杂，巩固压倒性态势、夺取压倒性胜利的决心必须坚如磐石。
ZH_HYP: 目前,反腐败运动仍面临着复杂而具有挑战性的形势,因此我们必须坚定地巩固压倒性胜利。

EN: -- On October 18, 2017, Xi Jinping pointed out the following during the 19th CPC National Congress
ZH_REF: ——2017年10月18日，习近平在中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会上的报告指出
ZH_HYP: ——2017年10月18日,习近平指出了中国共产党第19届大会期间的以下问题

EN: -- On October 18, 2017, Xi Jinping pointed out the following during the 19th CPC National Congress
ZH_REF: ——2017年10月18日，习近平在中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会上的报告指出
ZH_HYP: ——2017年10月18日,习近平指出了中国共产党第19届大会期间的以下问题

EN: -- On March 8, 2017, Xi Jinping emphasized the following during review of the Sichuan Delegation at the 5th session of the 12th National People's Congress
ZH_REF: ——2017年3月8日，习近平在参加十二届全国人大五次会议四川代表团审议时强调
ZH_HYP: ——2017年3月8日,习近平在第十二届全国人民代表大会第五次会议上强调了以下问题

EN: The anti-corruption campaign of the CPC isn’t a “Snobbish Shop” that treating different people with different attitudes, or a “House of Cards” characterized by fighting for power and benefit, or an “unfinished building” having a beginning but no end.
ZH_REF: 我们党反腐败不是看人下菜的“势利店”，不是争权夺利的“纸牌屋”，也不是有头无尾的“烂尾楼”。
ZH_HYP: 中国共产党的反腐败运动并不是“势利”,它对待不同态度的人,或者是“卡”,““”,或者是“不完备的建筑”。

EN: -- From the speech delivered by Xi Jinping at the 6th plenary session of the 18th Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China on January 12, 2016
ZH_REF: ——2016年1月12日，习近平在第十八届中央纪律检查委员会第六次全体会议上的讲话
ZH_HYP: --2016年1月12日,中国共产党第十八届中央委员会第6次全体会议上发表讲话

EN: -- From the speech delivered by Xi Jinping at National Party School Working Conference on December 11, 2015
ZH_REF: ——2015年12月11日，习近平在全国党校工作会议上的讲话
ZH_HYP: --2015年12月11日在全国学校工作会议上发表讲话

EN: We should push forward the anti-corruption campaign in an in-depth manner and make great efforts to uproot “rotten trees”, fix “sick trees” and make “crooked trees” become upright in order to alert, warn and caution leading cadres.
ZH_REF: 要深入推进反腐败斗争，下大气力拔“烂树”、治“病树”、正“歪树”，使领导干部受到警醒、警示、警戒。
ZH_HYP: 我们要深入开展反贪运动,大力发展“腐烂树”,““树木”,使“树木”正直,,警戒、警告和警戒领导干部。

EN: -- On March 6, 2015, Xi Jinping pointed out the following during review of the Jiangxi Delegation at the 3rd session of the 12th National People's Congress
ZH_REF: ——2015年3月6日，习近平参加十二届全国人大三次会议江西代表团审议时指出
ZH_HYP: --2015年3月6日,习近平在第3届届全国人民代表大会第三次会议上指出了以下问题

EN: Ideal and belief serve as “calcium” for the spirit of members of the Communist Party, so we must strength ideological and political construction and solve any problem concerning outlook on world, outlook on life and values, which is the “master switch”.
ZH_REF: 理想信念是共产党人的精神之“钙”，必须加强思想政治建设，解决好世界观、人生观、价值观这个“总开关”问题。
ZH_HYP: 理想和信仰是共产党员精神的“钙”,因此我们必须加强思想政治建设,解决世界观、生活观、价值观念,这是“主宰”。

EN: -- On January 20, 2014, Xi Jinping gave a keynote speech at the summing-up meeting for the first batch & the deployment meeting for the second batch of educational and practical activities concerning the mass line of the Party
ZH_REF: ——2014年1月20日，习近平在党的群众路线教育实践活动第一批总结暨第二批部署会议上发表重要讲话
ZH_HYP: -2014年1月20日,习近平在第一批和第二次批关于“党群众群众线”的会议上作了主旨演讲

EN: We should implement organizational discipline in a practical manner and must not tolerate privilege or exception. Party organizations at all levels should dare to maintain discipline in order to make discipline become an actually live high-voltage line.
ZH_REF: 要切实执行组织纪律，不能搞特殊、有例外，各级党组织要敢抓敢管，使纪律真正成为带电的高压线。
ZH_HYP: 各级党组织应当以实际的方式实施组织纪律,,不得有任何特权或例外。

EN: -- On January 14, 2014, Xi Jinping gave a keynote speech at the 3th plenary session of the 18th Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China
ZH_REF: ——2014年1月14日，习近平在十八届中央纪委三次全会上发表重要讲话
ZH_HYP: --2014年1月14日,习近平在中国共产党第十八届中央委员会第三十届会议上发表了主旨发言

EN: Criticism and self-criticism serve as a good medicine and the actual care given to our comrades and ourselves. Performing criticism and self-criticism needs courage and party spirit, and we must not lose our weapon used for defending ourselves and treating diseases.
ZH_REF: 批评和自我批评是一剂良药，是对同志、对自己的真正爱护。开展批评和自我批评需要勇气和党性，不能把我们防身治病的武器给丢掉了。
ZH_HYP: 批评和自我批评是一种良药,也是对我们同志和自我批评需要勇气和精神,我们不能失去我们为捍卫自己和治疗疾病而使用的武器。

EN: -- On September 25, 2013, Xi Jinping emphasized the following at the special meeting of democratic life attended by the leading group of the standing committee under the Party committee of Hebei Province
ZH_REF: ——2013年9月25日，习近平在指导河北省委常委班子专题民主生活会时强调
ZH_HYP: --2013年9月25日,习近平在河北省委领导下的领导小组特别会议上强调了以下问题

EN: We should make efforts to strength restriction and supervision on exercise of power, put power into the cage formed by rules and regulations and establish a punishment mechanism which makes officials dare not to be corrupt, a prevention mechanism which makes officials unable to practice corruption and a safeguard mechanism which makes officials tend to guard against corruption.
ZH_REF: 要加强对权力运行的制约和监督，把权力关进制度的笼子里，形成不敢腐的惩戒机制、不能腐的防范机制、不易腐的保障机制。
ZH_HYP: 我们要努力限制和监督行使权力,把权力纳入规则和条例形成的笼子,建立一种官员腐败的机制,使官员腐败的预防机制,使官员腐败的

EN: -- From the speech delivered by Xi Jinping at the 2th plenary session of the 18th Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China on January 22, 2013
ZH_REF: ——2013年1月22日，习近平在十八届中央纪委第二次全会上的讲话
ZH_HYP: --2013年1月22日,中国共产党第十八届中央委员会第2次全体会议上发表讲话

EN: That night, Patti Smith took to the stage in a white shirt and black suit, and sang Bob Dylan’s “Tempest” in front of a live audience of 1,500 people.
ZH_REF: 当晚，帕蒂·史密斯以白衬衫黑西装登台，为现场的1500名观众演唱迪伦名曲《暴雨将至》。
ZH_HYP: 那天晚上,帕蒂史密斯在穿着白色衬衫和黑色西装的舞台上,演唱了鲍勃·迪伦的“暴风雨”。

EN: It is understood that Chongqing currently owns 18 shale gas exploration rights established by Ministry of Land and Resources as the first domestic shale gas mining rights - the Sinopec Fuling shale gas field.
ZH_REF: 据悉，重庆市目前拥有国土资源部设立的页岩气探矿权18个和国内首个页岩气采矿权——中国石化涪陵页岩气田。
ZH_HYP: 据了解,重庆目前拥有18页页岩气勘探权的18页页岩气开采权——石化岩岩岩岩气田。

EN: It is understood that a 10 billion cubic meter shale gas field is equivalent to a 10 million tonne oil field.
ZH_REF: 据了解，100亿立方米的页岩气田相当于一个1000万吨级的大油田。
ZH_HYP: 据了解,100亿吨气田相当于1000万吨油田。

EN: Shale gas is a clean energy resource. It is understood that the completion of the 10 billion cubic meter shale gas field will help cut 12 million tonnes of CO2 emission annually.
ZH_REF: 据了解，页岩气作为清洁能源，100亿方页岩气田建成后每年可减排二氧化碳1200万吨。
ZH_HYP: 页岩气是一种清洁的能源资源,可以理解,100亿立方米气田的完成将有助于每年减少1200万吨二氧化碳排放。

EN: In a feature phone era, the basic functions of a mobile phone would be making a call, sending short text messages, and simple memos. The difference in the functions among mobile phones is quite small.
ZH_REF: 在功能手机时代，手机的基本功能就是打电话、发短信、简单的备忘录，各种手机在功能上差距是不大的。
ZH_HYP: 在一个功能的手机的基本功能,手机的基本功能,手机的功能很小。

EN: Ever since computers were available, conscientious effort to make machine intelligence gradually transition toward the human brain has become a dream of many scientists.
ZH_REF: 自打有了计算机以来，努力让机器智能逐渐向人类大脑过渡成为了很多科研人员的一个梦想。
ZH_HYP: 自从电脑可用以来,出于良心努力,机器智能逐渐向人类的大脑转变。

EN: Narcos season 3 trailer: With Pablo Escobar gone, the Cali Cartel take centre stage in Netflix's hit series
ZH_REF: 《毒枭》第三季预告片：随着巴勃罗·埃斯科瓦尔的离开，卡利集团开始走上 Netflix 热播剧中心舞台
ZH_HYP: narcos3拖车:pabloescoobar,在callylix系列的中心

EN: Despite season two of Narcos revealing Pablo Escobar's killer, Netflix's series is far from over.
ZH_REF: 尽管《毒枭》第二季揭露了杀害巴勃罗·埃斯科瓦尔的凶手，但这部 Netflix 热播剧还远远没有结束。
ZH_HYP: 尽管有两个赛季的两个人,但帕布罗·埃斯科瓦尔的系列作品还没有结束。

EN: Season three and four have already been confirmed by the streaming service, the former receiving its first trailer, teasing the show's upcoming villains.
ZH_REF: 流媒体服务已确认第三季和第四季，第三季已收到首个预告片，片中对这部剧中即将出现的反派角色进行了一番调侃。
ZH_HYP: 三和四已经被确认了,,前者得到了第一张拖车,取笑了即将到来的恶棍。

EN: With season three, the DEA has turned their attention towards the richest drug trafficking organisation in the world: the Cali Cartel.
ZH_REF: 第三季中，DEA 将注意力转向世界上最富有的贩毒组织：卡利集团。
ZH_HYP: 在三季,美国国际交易会将注意力转向世界最富有的贩毒组织:卡利·卡特尔。

EN: Led by four powerful godfathers, they operate "like a Fortune 500 company" just with more government bribes and violent actions.
ZH_REF: 卡利集团由四位强大的教父级大佬把持，像“财富 500 强”公司一样运作，只是涉及更多的政府贿赂和暴力行为。
ZH_HYP: 他们由四大强的的,,他们就像“财富500强”,就像政府的贿赂和暴力行动。

EN: The newly released trailer sees Pedro Pascal return as Javier Peña, the character enlisting American and Colombian law enforcement to help with the war on drugs.
ZH_REF: 这部新发布的预告片中，佩德罗·帕斯卡以哈维尔·佩纳这一角色重新回归。哈维尔·佩纳这个角色支持美国和哥伦比亚执法部门，协助开展毒品战争。
ZH_HYP: 新的的拖车将佩德罗·帕斯卡尔回来,他是美国和哥伦比亚执法的角色。

EN: Other new actors include Matias Varela, Michael Stahl-David, Matt Whelan, Miguel Angel Silvestre, Kerry Bishe, and Arturo Castro.
ZH_REF: 其他新演员包括 马蒂亚斯·巴雷拉、迈克尔·斯塔尔-大卫、马特·惠兰、米格尔·安杰尔·西尔韦斯特凯瑞·碧许、和阿图罗·卡斯特罗。
ZH_HYP: 其他新的行为者包括matiasvarla、michaelstatl-david、miguelangelelel、miguelangelve、kerrybishe

EN: Season three of Narcos will debut 1 September.
ZH_REF: 《毒枭》第三季将于 9 月 1 日亮相。
ZH_HYP: 季奥斯季三季将于9月1日.

EN: It is understood that a reason for not having a Hong Kong stop in Coldplay’s tour this time round was because of a lack of an appropriate venue. The band specifically requested for an outdoor venue with a seating capacity of at least 30,000.
ZH_REF: 据悉，此轮Coldplay巡演中没有香港站的原因之一，就在于没有合适地点，因为他们明确要求至少要容纳3万人以上的户外场地。
ZH_HYP: 据悉,在此轮在冷酷的的巡回赛中,香港有理由,因为没有适当的地点。乐队要求举行一个户外场地,容纳30,000人。

EN: Zuckerberg hopes to use Jarvis to control everything at home, from music to lights to temperature, with his voice.
ZH_REF: 扎克伯格希望借助Jarvis项目用自己的声音控制家里的所有东西，从音乐到灯光再到温度。
ZH_HYP: 扎克伯格希望用贾维斯控制家里的一切,从音乐到温度,

EN: Afghan democracy depends on political role for women, U.N. says
ZH_REF: 联合国称阿富汗民主取决于女性的政治地位
ZH_HYP: 阿富汗民主取决于妇女的政治角色。

EN: Elections can only be representative if all members of society, including women, play a role, the head of the U.N. mission in Afghanistan said Wednesday.
ZH_REF: 联合国驻阿富汗援助团团长星期三称，只有包括女性在内的社会所有成员都参与的选举才是有代表性的。
ZH_HYP: 联合国驻阿富汗特派团团长星期三说,只有社会所有成员在内的社会成员都发挥作用。

EN: Nicholas Haysom, acting head of the U.N. Assistance Mission said hundreds of women are running in provincial council elections, three women are running for vice president and more than 30 percent of the newly-registered voters are women.
ZH_REF: 联合国援助团团长尼古拉斯·海伊索姆称，上百名女性正在参与省级议会选举，三名女性正在参加副总统选举，超过 30% 的新注册选民为女性。
ZH_HYP: 联合国援助援助的代理负责人尼古拉斯·haysom)表示,在省议会选举中,有妇女正在竞选,3名妇女竞选副总统,30%的新登记选民是女性。

EN: "The role of women cannot be overstated," he said in a statement Wednesday.
ZH_REF: 他在周三的声明中称，“女性的地位不容小觑。”
ZH_HYP: “女性的角色不可能夸大。”

EN: Elections can only be truly representative and credible when women fully participate and are included in all parts of the electoral process.
ZH_REF: 只有当女性完全参与并包含在选举过程的全部阶段中，才真正是有代表性的、可信的选举。
ZH_HYP: 只有在妇女充分参与并被纳入选举进程的各个部分时,才有真正具有代表性和可信的。

EN: Afghan provincial council and presidential elections take place April 5.
ZH_REF: 阿富汗省级议会和总统选举于 4 月 5 日举行。
ZH_HYP: 阿富汗省议会和总统选举。

EN: The Taliban has issued threats against an election process that coincides with the transition of international combat operations to an advisory role.
ZH_REF: 塔利班对一选举程序发出恐吓，该选举与国际军事行动向顾问身份的过渡吻合。
ZH_HYP: 塔利班对选举进程的威胁,与国际作战行动过渡。

EN: This year's elections mark the first time power is handed peacefully from one democratically elected government to the next.
ZH_REF: 今年的选举是第一次和平实现从一个民主选举政府到下一个民主选举政府的权力交接。
ZH_HYP: 今年的选举标志着一个民主选举产生的政府。

EN: Haysom said a strong role for women will add to Afghanistan's democratic success.
ZH_REF: 海伊索姆称女性的重要地位将促进阿富汗民主。
ZH_HYP: haysom说,妇女的作用将增加。

EN: The Afghan Independent Election Commission reports 1.2 million women are registered out of 3.6 million total registered voters.
ZH_REF: 独立选举委员会发布报告称，总计 360 万注册选民中有 120 万为女性。
ZH_HYP: 阿富汗独立选举委员会报告了120万妇女,登记的选民总数为360万。

EN: “Xiaosong Pedia”, which has been broadcast for three consecutive years on iQiyi since 2014, has maintained very high viewership and earned critical acclaim.
ZH_REF: 连续播出三年的《晓松奇谈》自2014年在爱奇艺上线以来一直保持超高的播放量及口碑好评度。
ZH_HYP: 自2014年以来,在iqiyi连续播放了连续三年,,一直保持着非常高的观众,获得了批评评。

EN: Last May, the Season 7 finale of the classic American series “The Good Wife” ended with Alicia being slapped in the face.
ZH_REF: 去年5月，经典美剧《傲骨贤妻》以“A姐”艾丽西亚挨的一记耳光正式宣告七季全剧终。
ZH_HYP: 去年5月,经典的《好妻子》》的“好妻子”结束了。

EN: This was the best legal and political drama in the eyes of many. Both IMDb and Douban gave Season 7 of the series an average rating of 9 and above.
ZH_REF: 对于很多人而言，这是他们心目中最好的律政剧。无论IMDb还是豆瓣，该剧七季的平均分都在9分以上。
ZH_HYP: 这是许多人的法律和政治戏剧,这是在许多人的的中的的。

EN: Other than Season 1, Rotten Tomatoes had a 100% certified fresh rating for the other six seasons.
ZH_REF: 烂番茄上除第一季外，其他六季新鲜度都高达100%。
ZH_HYP: 除季节1,,腐烂的番茄的新鲜度为100%。

EN: Just when fans of “The Good Wife” felt lost, CBS released “The Good Fight”, a sequel to “The Good Wife” on CBS All Access, its streaming service.
ZH_REF: 就在傲骨迷倍感失落之际，CBS网上频道新推出了一部《傲骨贤妻》系列衍生剧《傲骨之战》。
ZH_HYP: “好妻子”的迷失了,cbs发布了“好斗”,这是“好妻子”的“好妻子”的续集。

EN: On IMDb, its rating not only beat many American dramas broadcast at the same time, it also beat that of all the seasons of “The Good Wife”, breaking the curse of a “bad sequel to a masterpiece”.
ZH_REF: 在IMDb上，这一分数，不仅打败了同档播出的众多美剧，也打败了整七季的母剧《傲骨贤妻》，更首次打破了衍生剧“狗尾续貂”的魔咒。
ZH_HYP: 在imdb上,它的评级不仅在同时击败了许多美国剧作,而且打破了“好妻子”的所有的“坏续集”。

EN: The 16th round of the women's team of the Table Tennis Super League took place last night. Ding Ning missed the match due to illness. As a guest member, the women's team of Beijing Shougang Group failed Shandong Luneng.
ZH_REF: 乒超联赛昨晚进行了女团第16轮争夺，丁宁因病缺阵，北京首钢女乒客场不敌山东鲁能。
ZH_HYP: 昨晚,乒乓球超级联赛女子队的16轮。丁宁在比赛中,中,了一名客人,

EN: 13 developers compete for Jianhong Chemical Plant site in Tianhe District; land price could exceed RMB10,000/m2
ZH_REF: 13开发商争抢天河区坚红化工厂地块地价或将破1万元/m2
ZH_HYP: 13名开发商在天河区的建厂场竞争;土地价格可能超过人民币10,000/平方米

EN: There are requirements for small and medium-sized units for the site. The proportion of built-up gross floor area for the development of residential units 90 m2 and below should not be less than 60% at this site.
ZH_REF: 地块设有中小套型要求，90平方米以下住房面积占宗地住宅开发建设总面积比例不低于60%。
ZH_HYP: 本网站的中小型单位有需要,住宅单位发展的总楼面面积的比例为600平方米。

EN: Based on the largest floor area of a small to medium-sized unit, at least 303 small and medium-sized units could be offered at this site.
ZH_REF: 按中小户型的最大面积计算，该地块将至少可以提供303套中小户型住宅。
ZH_HYP: 根据一个小型至中型单位的面积,可以在该网站上提供303个小型和中型单位。

EN: It is understood that this site is located directly east of Huangpu Interchange, and across the road from Guangzhou Tianhe Architecture Design Institute. Amenities around the site are comprehensive. It is the first listing of a residential site in the Tianhe District this year.
ZH_REF: 据悉，该地块位于黄埔立交正东面，马路对面便是天河建筑设计院。该地周边配套完善，为今年挂出的天河区首块住宅用地。
ZH_HYP: 据悉,该网站位于黄埔交汇处,位于广州天河建筑设计学院的,。

EN: This land parcel is the first residential site offered for sale in Baiyun District this year. Similarly, there are requirements for small and medium-sized units (90 m2 and below), with the proportion at 30%.
ZH_REF: 该地块为白云区今年来推出的首幅宅地，同样要求中小套型（90平方米以下）比例为30%。
ZH_HYP: 今年的土地包裹是首个住宅区,今年在白云区,亦有需要,为30%。

EN: The site, with the extended Guangzhou Metro Line 3 passing through its east side, is located at the section of the road between Tonghe and Jingxi Nanfang Hospital stations.
ZH_REF: 地铁三号线延长线从其西边穿过，地块正位于同和站和京溪南方医院站之间的路段。
ZH_HYP: 该地址以广州地铁3号线经过东侧,位于东段和南京南南医院南医院医院。

EN: “1 billion parcels per day can be achieved in less than eight years; probably in about six to seven years,” said Alibaba Chairman Jack Ma yesterday at the “2017 Global Smart Logistics Summit” held in Yuqi township, Hangzhou.
ZH_REF: “一天十亿只包裹，不会超过八年，估计在六七年左右就能实现。”在昨日杭州云栖小镇举行的“2017全球智慧物流峰会”上，阿里巴巴董事局主席马云如是说。
ZH_HYP: “10亿包裹每天可以在不到8年;可能在6至7年的时间里,”阿里巴巴主席马云(alibaba)昨日在“2017年全球全球智能

EN: In 2016, China’s express delivery industry achieved more than 50% growth for six consecutive years, with an average of 80 million parcels per day, with changes in delivery time allowed as well.
ZH_REF: 2016年，中国快递业已实现连续6年增长率超过50%，日均8000万个包裹，还可以更改送货时间。
ZH_HYP: 2016年,中国的快递行业连续增长了50%以上,平均每天8000万个,交货时间也有变化。

EN: This made Aunt Gao and her family, residents of the Machinery Office dormitory at Minzhu Road in Nanning, very happy.
ZH_REF: 这让住在南宁市民主路机械厅宿舍的高阿姨一家人很高兴。
ZH_HYP: 这使得加奥姨妈的家人,在南宁的南宁,非常快乐。

EN: Neighbors also said that flowers blooming on the money tree is a rare sight. Residents of the housing estate felt that this was very auspicious, and came to take a look out of interest after learning about the matter.
ZH_REF: 邻居们也都说发财树开花，真是难得一见。小区居民们认为这是一件很吉祥的事，得知后都饶有兴致前来观看。
ZH_HYP: 邻居们也说花花花花是一种罕见的景象,他们的居民认为,这是很好的,,在了解这个问题后,就带着兴趣的兴趣。

EN: The scientific name for the money tree is “Malabar Chestnut”, a tropical plant native to Mexico. It performs best in warm and damp conditions, and its flowers will only bloom under appropriate conditions such as sunlight, water and nutriments.
ZH_REF: 发财树学名“马拉巴栗”，是一种热带植物，原产墨西哥，喜温暖湿润，必须在阳光、水分、养料等多个条件都适宜的情况下，才可能出现开花现象。
ZH_HYP: 这种树的科学名称是“马马拉巴尔”,是热带墨西哥的热带植物,它在温暖和潮湿的条件下,花花在适当的条件下,才能开花。

EN: Even in the wild where tropical conditions are appropriate, flowers blooming on money trees are rare. It was once said that the “chance of flowers blooming is one in a thousand”.
ZH_REF: 即使在热带条件适宜的野外，发财树开花也属罕见，曾有“开花率仅千分之一”的说法。
ZH_HYP: 即使在热带条件适当的野外,花花也很少,人们曾经说过,“花花盛开的机会是一千人”。

EN: Yesterday morning, reporters visited the Nanning Machinery Office dormitory at Minzhu Road. Led by Aunt Gao, the reporters saw the money tree.
ZH_REF: 昨天早上，记者来到南宁市民主路机械厅宿舍，在高阿姨的指引下，记者见到了那棵发财树。
ZH_HYP: 昨天早晨,记者们参观了明日路的南宁机械办公室宿舍,记者们看到了那棵钱树。

EN: Planted amid the flower bed of the housing estate, the money tree was about five meters tall, and the branch circumference, at its thickest, measured approximately 30 cm. Its leaves were emerald green and luxuriant.
ZH_REF: 发财树种在小区的花圃里，大约5米高，最粗的树枝周长约30厘米，树叶翠绿茂盛。
ZH_HYP: 在花卉的花卉床,花卧的花5米高,树枝圆周密的树枝,它的叶子是绿色和和华丽的。

EN: Aunt Gao told the reporters that the money tree has been planted for eight years. When it was first planted, it was about one meter tall; it is now more than five meters tall.
ZH_REF: 高阿姨告诉记者，这棵发财树种了8年了，当时种的时候大约高1米，现在长有5米多了。
ZH_HYP: 高奥姨妈告诉记者说,这棵树已经栽了八年,,现在是一米高高的高。

EN: It was originally a potted plant when her son first bought it from the flower and bird market, and was subsequently planted in the flower bed. She did not have to take particular care of it, but would occasionally earth it up.
ZH_REF: 这是她儿子从花鸟市场购买回来的盆景，后来种在了花圃里，她也不怎么打理，就是有时候培培土而已。
ZH_HYP: 原来是盆栽的植物,她的儿子先从花和鸟市场买来的,后来又被花在花卉里,但她不必特别照顾,但偶尔会会把它。

EN: With the advent of 2018, the National Centre for the Performing Arts has specially organized nine sets of 11 New Year concerts. Ingenious musical notes accompanied the audience to usher in the New Year, and moving melodies were played offering the most sincere blessings for the festival.
ZH_REF: 在2018年即将到来之际，国家大剧院特别推出了9台11场新年系列音乐会，用曼妙音符陪伴广大观众共迎新年，以动人旋律奏响最诚挚的节日祝福。
ZH_HYP: 随着2018年的到来,全国艺术中心特别组织了9套11场,,有巧妙的音乐笔记,伴随着新年的的,为节日提供了最的的祝福。

EN: From the increase of sports crowd, the development of sports undertakings to the rise of sports industry, sports is influencing the progressing pace of Chinese society with more powerful appeal.
ZH_REF: 从体育人群的增多、体育事业的发展，到体育产业的兴起，体育运动正在以更强大的号召力，影响着中国社会行进的步伐。
ZH_HYP: 体育群众的体育事业发展,体育事业的兴起,体育体育的发展速度。

EN: These two government officials claimed that Apple sent a letter to the Indian government last month, which set forth its plans to produce iPhone and other products in India, and hoped that the Indian government would introduce preferential policies on the fiscal front.
ZH_REF: 这两位政府官员称，苹果上个月致信印度政府，阐述了在印度生产iPhone等产品的计划，并希望印度政府能在财政方面出台优惠政策。
ZH_HYP: 这两名政府官员声称,上个月苹果公司在印度政府上月给印度政府发出了一封信,并希望印度政府将在财政方面实行优惠政策。

EN: Shichang Xingbao reported that between 2005 and 2011, the GDP of Anhui Province rose from joint “bottom” to second at one stroke.
ZH_REF: 据市场星报报道，从2005年到2011年，我省GDP一举由中部并列“垫底”升至次席。
ZH_HYP: 据昌兴业报告说,2005年至2011年,安徽省的国内生产总值从“底部”到第二位。

EN: However, the Province’s economic growth continued to experience difficulties such as low investment efficiency, and a lack of core competitiveness in its industrial economy. To this end, the latest issue of the “Economic Blue Paper” of the Province’s Economic Information Center advised raising the quality and benefit of economic growth.
ZH_REF: 但我省经济增长仍存在投资效率偏低、工业经济缺乏核心竞争力等困境。为此，省经济信息中心最新一期《经济蓝页》建议提高经济增长的质量和效益。
ZH_HYP: 然而,该省经济经济增长仍然面临着诸如投资效率低下以及工业经济缺乏核心竞争力的困难,为此,该省经济信息中心的经济经济经济增长的质量和效益。

EN: We have made a comparison of some of the representative indices of the Province’s economy between 2005 and 2011 with that of the nation and Central China.
ZH_REF: 以2005年和2011年我省经济的一些代表性指标为依据，将其与全国及中部地区进行比较。
ZH_HYP: 我们与中国的经济指数比较了2005年至2011年的经济的一些代表性。

EN: Meanwhile, enormous investment did not bring about the corresponding economic benefit, which was a key factor leading to poor quality and benefit in economic growth.
ZH_REF: 而大量的投资没有带来相应经济效益，是导致我省经济增长质量和效益不高的重要原因。
ZH_HYP: 同时,巨大的投资并没有带来相应的经济利益,这是导致经济增长的质量和效益。

EN: As regards this, experts advised that effective measures should be adopted to incentivize enterprises to innovate. The technical outcomes of Institutions of higher learning and technological research institutes should also be promptly “transferred” to enterprises.
ZH_REF: 对此，专家建议，要采取有效措施鼓励企业创新，高校及科研院所的科技成果也要及时向企业“转移”。
ZH_HYP: 专家们建议,应当采取有效措施激励企业创新,同时,也应迅速“企业”技术研究所的技术成果。

EN: As for low industrial economic benefit, experts said that industry merger and reorganization should be actively advanced, industry structure optimized, and the industry chain extended.
ZH_REF: 对于工业经济效益不高，专家说，也要积极推动产业兼并重组、优化产业布局、延伸产业链。
ZH_HYP: 关于低工业经济效益,专家说,产业兼并和重组应积极推进,产业结构优化,产业链扩大。

EN: “Higgins had a very perfect start. I thought I might lose the competition very soon. But I didn’t give up, and finally turn the tables,” said Marco Fu after the match.
ZH_REF: 傅家俊赛后说，希金斯开局非常完美，自己以为很快就会大比分败北，但随后他还是坚持自我，终于反败为胜。
ZH_HYP: “希金斯有一个非常完美的开端。我想我可能会很快失去比赛,但我没有放弃,最后我最后把桌子转过。

EN: Th period of intensive training just meets the key stage of each team’s winter training. With the main force of each team absent, the preparation training will be inevitably affected .
ZH_REF: 从集训时间看，这个时间段正好是各队冬训的关键阶段，队中主力被征战，必然将会对备战训练造成相当大的影响。
ZH_HYP: 在训练的的阶段,训练的关键阶段,训练的训练就会受到影响。

EN: Automobile technology has developed for more than a century, and a lot of the technology is fairly mature. However, future auto user experience is more dependent on human-machine interaction. ZTE has advantages in the areas of IT, network, and auto networking systems.
ZH_REF: 一方面汽车技术经过一百多年的发展，许多技术已经比较成熟；一方面未来汽车的用户体验更多地取决于人机互动，中兴在IT、网络、车联网系统等领域有优势。
ZH_HYP: 汽车技术已经发展了一个多世纪,而且技术相当成熟,但未来的汽车用户体验更依赖于人机交互。

EN: GMB concern over investment at McVitie's Glasgow factory
ZH_REF: 英国总工会 (GMB) 关注针对麦维他公司 (McVitie) 格拉斯哥工厂的投资
ZH_HYP: 麦凯恩格拉斯哥工厂的投资

EN: A union is seeking reassurance from managers at biscuit maker McVitie's over its long-term commitment to production at its factory in Glasgow.
ZH_REF: 工会希望饼干制造商麦维他公司管理层保证长期致力于在拉斯哥工厂进行生产。
ZH_HYP: 工会正寻求向公司麦凯恩(mcvite)的生产的长期承诺,寻求保证。

EN: GMB Scotland said the company had been silent over the future of investment at the Tollcross site.
ZH_REF: 英国总工会苏格兰分会称，该公司对托尔克罗斯 (Tollcross) 工厂投资的未来一直保持沉默。
ZH_HYP: 苏格兰苏格兰说,该公司对在收费站的投资前景保持沉默。

EN: More than 500 people work at the plant, which produces Hobnobs and Rich Tea biscuits, among other products.
ZH_REF: 该工厂有 500 多名员工，生产燕麦饼干 (Hobnobs) 、浓茶饼干 (Rich tea) 等产品。
ZH_HYP: 500多人在工厂工作,生产了大量的茶饼干和丰富的茶饼干。

EN: McVitie's owner Pladis said it had invested more than £5m at the site in the last few years.
ZH_REF: 麦维他公司的所有人普拉迪 (Pladis) 斯表示，过去几年来，公司已经向该工厂投资了 500 多万英镑。
ZH_HYP: 麦凯恩的老板的老板说,它在过去几年里在该地投入了500万英镑。

EN: It added employees and union representatives "will be the first to know" if there were any changes to its operations.
ZH_REF: 他补充道，如工厂运营有变化，员工和工会代表“会率先知道”。
ZH_HYP: 如果对雇员的业务有任何修改,它将是第一个知道的。

EN: In a letter to the company's site manager, GMB Scotland called on McVitie's to "address concerns that funding is not being brought forward for the modernisation of production lines."
ZH_REF: 在致公司厂长的信中，英国总工会苏格兰分会呼吁麦维他公司“解决资金未结转到生产线现代化上的问题。”
ZH_HYP: 在给公司的经理的信中,苏格兰苏格兰要求麦维蒂“解决那些资金没有被生产线现代化的”。

EN: GMB senior organiser Drew Duffy, said: "The fact that we cannot get clarity from the general site manager over the business needs and investment plan for the future of Tollcross is deeply concerning our members.
ZH_REF: 英国总工会资深主办人德鲁?达菲 (Drew Duffy) 说：“我们无法从工厂总经理那里清楚了解到托尔克罗斯 (Tollcross) 未来的业务需求和投资计划，这使我们的成员深感担忧。
ZH_HYP: gmb高级组织者拉菲菲表示:“我们不能从网站经理获得关于商业需要和投资计划的明确的。

EN: Generations of families have worked here and the workforce is highly concentrated in the local community and the greater Glasgow area, a crucial pillar of decent employment in an area of high unemployment and social deprivation.
ZH_REF: 一代又一代的家族在这里工作，而且本地社区和大格拉斯哥地区劳动力高度集中，是高失业和社会剥夺严重的地区体面就业的重要支柱。
ZH_HYP: 几代家庭在这里工作,劳动力高度集中,当地社区和大哥哥地区,这是体面就业的关键支柱。

EN: So, from the perspective of jobs, pay and prosperity, and against the backdrop of Brexit, rising cost of living and chronic manufacturing decline, the east end of Glasgow desperately needs a thriving manufacturing presence at McVitie's."
ZH_REF: 因此，从就业、薪酬和经济繁荣的角度来看，在英国脱欧，生活成本上涨和制造业长期衰退的背景下，格拉斯哥东部地区迫切需要麦维他不断扩大生产网络。”
ZH_HYP: 因此,从工作、薪酬和繁荣的角度,以及在脱欧的背景下,格拉斯哥的东端迫切需要在麦vite的的的制造业存在。

EN: A spokeswoman for Pladis said: "The site manager at Tollcross received a letter from GMB Scotland only yesterday and the company will be responding directly as we value ongoing engagement with employees and union representatives.
ZH_REF: 普拉迪斯公司的发言人表示：“托尔克罗斯 (Tollcross) 的厂长昨日刚收到英国总工会苏格兰分会的来信，该公司将会立即进行回复，因为我们重视与雇员和工会代表保持持续接触。
ZH_HYP: 普利迪斯的一位发言人说:“在我们重视与员工和工会代表的接触时,该公司将直接回应,公司将直接回应。

EN: We had a regular meeting with employees and GMB representatives at Tollcross two months ago at which a number of issues were discussed openly.
ZH_REF: 两个月前，我们在托尔克罗斯 (Tollcross) 与员工和英国总工会代表举行了例会，公开讨论了一些问题。
ZH_HYP: 我们两个月前,我们在收费公司的雇员和gb公司代表了一次会议。

EN: We discussed with employees then that like all companies operating in an extremely competitive and uncertain economic climate, we review our operations on an ongoing basis - and that applies across our all our businesses and sites - in order to remain competitive.
ZH_REF: 我们与员工进行了讨论，然后，像所有在竞争激烈和经济不明朗的环境中运营的其他公司一样，我们对我们应用于企业和工厂的持续运营模式进行了审查，以便保持竞争力。
ZH_HYP: 我们与员工讨论了,像所有在极其激烈和不确定的经济环境下运作的公司,我们不断检讨我们的业务,并在我们所有的企业和地点都适用于我们的业务。

EN: She added: "In recent years, we have invested over £5m in our Tollcross site, notably on production lines and operational improvements.
ZH_REF: 她补充道：“近年来，我们在托尔克罗斯 (Tollcross) 工厂的投资超过 500 万英镑，特别是在生产线和运营改进方面。
ZH_HYP: 她补充说:“近年来,我们在我们的收费网站上投入了500万英镑。

EN: We fully recognise the heritage of Tollcross as a manufacturing site and should there be any changes to our operations at the site, employees and their union representatives will be the first to know."
ZH_REF: 我们充分认识到托尔克罗斯 (Tollcross) 作为生产基地的历史地位，如我们在该厂的运营业务有任何变化，员工和工会代表将会第一个知道。”
ZH_HYP: 我们充分认识到作为一个制造地点的收费,并对我们在现场的业务、雇员及其工会代表的了解是首先了解的。

EN: On May 10, environmental protection volunteers loaded rubbish that have been sorted onto trucks.
ZH_REF: 5月10日，环保志愿者们将分类垃圾装入卡车。
ZH_HYP: 5月10日,环境保护志愿者装载了垃圾。

EN: China News Service/He Penglei: In the last 10 years or so, environmental protection issues at Mount Everest have become increasingly prominent as the number of Mount Everest explorers and tourists increased significantly.
ZH_REF: 中新社记者何蓬磊摄近十几年来，随着珠峰登山探险者和旅游者急剧增加，山峰所在地的环保问题日益凸显。
ZH_HYP: 中国新闻服务公司/彭格尔莱:在过去10年,,珠穆朗玛峰的环保问题日益突出,珠穆朗玛峰的环保问题日益突出。

EN: According to Nyima Tsering, after 1997, public interest groups arrived successively to help clean up the Northern slope of Mount Everest, but most of the participants were non-professionals.
ZH_REF: 据尼玛次仁介绍，1997年之后，公益团队陆续对珠峰北坡进行过清扫，但参与者大多为非专业人士。
ZH_HYP: 根据1997年,,在1997年之后,公共利益团体先后接续地清理珠穆朗玛峰的北部坡,但大部分的人都是非专业人士。

EN: Did PSG warn Barcelona about move for Neymar three years ago?
ZH_REF: 巴黎圣日耳曼三年前就警告过巴塞罗那要签走内马尔？
ZH_HYP: psg警告巴塞罗那三年前的事吗?

EN: La Liga side may rue their interest in Marco Verratti
ZH_REF: 西甲可能会后悔对马尔科·维拉蒂抛出橄榄枝
ZH_HYP: 拉.......对马科·维拉蒂的兴趣

EN: Paris Saint-Germain will not let up in their pursuit of Neymar after lodging a £189m offer to trigger his release clause, but did they warn Barcelona of the world-record raid three years ago?
ZH_REF: 在提出 1.89 亿英镑报价试图让其行使豁免条款之后，巴黎圣日耳曼不会放弃签入内马尔，但他们在三年前是否警告过巴塞罗那要向这位世界记录突袭者发起进攻？
ZH_HYP: 巴黎圣日曼将在189mederer,因为他们在1890万英镑的释放条款,但他们警告说,三年前,他们警告巴塞罗那的世界纪录的突袭

EN: The sensational approach has lit up the summer transfer window, with the Ligue 1 club ready to break the world transfer record by more than double the previous mark, which saw Paul Pogba return to Manchester United last season for £89m.
ZH_REF: 这个耸人听闻的方法已经打开了夏季转会窗口，法甲俱乐部准备以超过上一次转会记录两倍的价格打破世界转会纪录。保罗·博格巴上赛季返回曼联，金额高达 8900 万英镑。
ZH_HYP: 这种感官的方法已经使夏季转会窗口,,,1俱乐部准备打破世界纪录的纪录,而上一次的马克的波格博格回到曼联。

EN: Once completed, the move will see Neymar become the world's most expensive player and also the highest-paid professional sportsman in the world, with PSG offering wages of over £500,000-a-week after tax.
ZH_REF: 一旦转会完成，内马尔将跃升成为世界上身价最高的球员，同时也是世界上薪水最高的职业运动员——巴黎圣日耳曼提供每周超过 50 万英镑的税后薪资。
ZH_HYP: 一旦完成,该行动将看到内ymar成为世界上最昂贵的球员,也是世界上最高的职业运动员,其中,在税后工资超过50万英镑。

EN: Barcelona are known to be furious with the manner of the approach and the way that Neymar has forced his way out, despite a source close to the Catalans' board insisting that the club have always done their best to look after him since his arrival from Santos in 2013.
ZH_REF: 巴塞罗那对于内马尔的进攻方式以及闯出出路感到愤怒，了解加泰罗尼亚队董事会的消息人士坚持说，2013 年他从桑托斯抵达后，俱乐部一直竭尽全力关照他。
ZH_HYP: 人们知道,巴塞罗那的人一直在2013年抵达桑托斯以来一直尽最大努力去照顾他,尽管有一个人接近加罗那人的委员会一直尽最大努力照顾他。

EN: But was the football world warned of this prospect three years ago by the PSG president?
ZH_REF: 但是巴黎圣日耳曼主席三年前曾对足球世界发出过这样的预测吗？
ZH_HYP: 但,三年前,足球世界曾警告过这一前景?

EN: When Manchester City expressed an interest in signing Blaise Matuidi in 2014, Nasser Al-Khelaifi had a stern warning for any club looking to sign one of PSG's best players.
ZH_REF: 当曼城在 2014 年表示有兴趣签约布莱斯·马泰迪时，纳赛尔·阿尔赫莱菲对任何一家想签下巴黎圣日耳曼最佳球员的俱乐部发出过严厉警告。
ZH_HYP: 当曼城2014年对签署布莱斯·马蒂赛时,纳赛尔·海伦菲(nasseral-khaifi)有一个严厉的警告。

EN: "I am not worried because they know that if they touch one of our players, then we will be in opposition to them, we'll contact their players," Al-Khelaifi said.
ZH_REF: “我并不担心，因为他们知道如果他们接触我们的任何一位球员，我们必将与他们针锋相对，我们也会联系他们的球员，” 阿尔赫莱菲说。
ZH_HYP: “我并不担心,因为他们知道如果他们触及我们的球员,我们就会与他们的球员联系。”

EN: "We respect all clubs.
ZH_REF: “我们尊重所有俱乐部。
ZH_HYP: "我们尊重所有俱乐部。

EN: But if they try to sign one of our players, they'll face consequences."
ZH_REF: 但如果他们试图签约我们的球员，那他们也要自食恶果。”
ZH_HYP: 但如果他们试图签我们的球员,他们会面临后果。

EN: Barcelona appear to have crossed this line, with the Spanish club expressing an interesting in PSG midfielder Marco Verratti earlier this summer.
ZH_REF: 今年夏天早些时候，这家西班牙俱乐部似乎越线了，巴塞罗那向巴黎圣日耳曼中场球员马尔科·维拉蒂抛出了橄榄枝。
ZH_HYP: 巴塞罗那似乎已经越过了这条线,西班牙俱乐部在今年夏天在中场里特里。

EN: PSG made it clear that they would not allow the Italy international to leave under any circumstances, and Barcelona could well be feeling the repercussions of that interest by losing one of their prize assets in Neymar.
ZH_REF: 巴黎圣日耳曼明确表示，他们无论如何都不会允许这位意大利国脚离开，而巴塞罗那很可能会因为失去阵中天才内马尔而倍受影响。
ZH_HYP: psg表示,他们不会允许意大利国际在任何情况下离开,巴塞罗那的的资产,而巴塞罗那的他们的利益的影响。

EN: By staff reporter Wang Yichen: The International Conference on Renewable Energy Development and Technology jointly organized by State Grid Corporation of China (SGCC) and the International Electrotechnical Commission was held in Frankfurt, Germany recently.
ZH_REF: 本报讯记者王轶辰报道：由国家电网公司与国际电工委员会联合主办的新能源发展与技术国际研讨会日前在德国法兰克福举行。
ZH_HYP: 由中国国家电网公司和国际电委员会联合举办的可再生能源发展与技术会议在德国法兰克福举行。

EN: At present, accelerating the development of renewable energy, and advancing transformation toward clean and low-carbon energy have become a global trend.
ZH_REF: 当前，加快新能源发展、推动能源清洁低碳转型，已成为全球趋势。
ZH_HYP: 目前,加快可再生能源的发展,推动清洁能源的转变。

EN: However, large-scale development and use of renewable energy continued to be assailed by system security, long-distance delivery, technology economic and other issues and challenges that need to be confronted and resolved.
ZH_REF: 而新能源的大规模开发利用，还有系统安全性问题、远距离输送问题、技术经济性问题等许多难题和挑战需要面对和解决。
ZH_HYP: 然而,由于系统的安全、长途交货、技术经济和其他需要解决的挑战,仍然存在着大规模的开发和使用。

EN: SGCC Chairman Shu Yinbiao revealed that the company was in the process of planning to expand the size of the synchronous power grid so as to strengthen the existing regional power grid interconnection. By 2020, inter-regional power transmission capacity will increase to about 300 million kW.
ZH_REF: 国家电网公司董事长舒印彪透露，国家电网公司正在规划扩大同步电网规模，加强现有区域电网互联，到2020年将跨区输电能力提高到3亿千瓦左右。
ZH_HYP: 本公司主席主席叶阴钝透露,该公司正计划扩大同步电网的规模,以加强现有的区域电网互连,到2020年,电力传输能力将增加至约3亿千

EN: Our staff reporter learned at the beginning of August that in the first half of the year, it was understood that operations of certain wind turbines being suspended in wind farms was a fairly common phenomenon in the “three northern” wind power regions.
ZH_REF: 本报讯记者8月上旬获悉，今年上半年，据了解，全国“三北”风电集中地区，弃风比较普遍。
ZH_HYP: 我们的工作人员在八月初得知,今年上半年,风力发电站停电的某些风力涡轮机的运作是相当常见的现象。

EN: Yancheng’s renewable energy such as wind power and PV, accounts for 70% of Jiangsu’s total. Renewable energy developed along the coast is produced and consumed locally, and has displayed enormous advantages and potential in Yancheng.
ZH_REF: 盐城风电、光伏等新能源占江苏的70%，沿海发展新能源，当地生产当地消费，在盐城显示了巨大的优势和潜力。
ZH_HYP: 盐能和光电等可再生能源,占江苏的的70%。可在沿海开发和消费,可在盐城的可再生能源。

EN: January 3 news: Reporters learned from the Guangzhou Flower Market Office yesterday that the Spring Festival flower market will begin receiving bids for the 2008 Spring Festival flower market soon.
ZH_REF: 1月3日消息：记者昨日从广州市花市办获悉，2008年的迎春花市将于近日开始招投标。
ZH_HYP: 1月3日报道:记者昨日从广州花卉市场办公室得知,春节春节花市场将开始接受2008年春节花卉市场的竞标。

EN: Huadu District held tenders for the tangerine and flower booths on the 29th and 30th last month, respectively.
ZH_REF: 花都区于上月29、30日分别进行了桔位和花位的招投标。
ZH_HYP: 华都区于上个月在第29和30次为橘子和花卉摊位.

EN: The flower market forum will contact Internet media to carry out online broadcast, and will conduct live interaction with residents.
ZH_REF: 届时，花市论坛将联系网络媒体进行网上直播，同步与市民进行互动。
ZH_HYP: 花卉市场论坛将与网上媒体进行,并将与居民进行互动。

EN: In 2015, the year when harvesting the organs of death row inmates was forbidden, there were 2,776 cases of organ donations from Chinese citizens upon death, and 10,057 organ transplant surgeries performed, setting a new record.
ZH_REF: 2015年禁用死囚器官当年，中国公民逝世后捐献器官2776例，完成10057例器官移植手术，刷新了历史纪录。
ZH_HYP: 2015年,禁止在死囚器官的器官,有2776起死亡,器官捐赠,10057个,,创下了新的记录。

EN: In the past, the “Four Dreams of Linchuan” would be performed on stage in the Kunqu style. The performance of this piece after it was adapted into a play, is a first.
ZH_REF: 以往《临川四梦》，基本都是以昆曲的形式呈现在戏曲舞台上的，而被改编成话剧演出，这还是第一次。
ZH_HYP: 过去,“四川”的梦想将在昆曲风格的舞台上表演,而在它改编为一个剧后,是先。

EN: In the finals against Marco Fu, Higgins scored three consecutive shots and got a 4-1 lead.
ZH_REF: 决赛面对傅家俊，希金斯上来就连续三杆破百，取得4-1的领先。
ZH_HYP: 在对马科夫的决赛中,希金斯连续连续打了球,获得了4-1领先.

EN: “Made in Sichuan” renewable energy vehicles rose against the tide. Weakening fiscal subsidies, inadequate charging facilities, and ternary lithium batteries suspended from use in renewable energy passenger vehicles; in the face of prevailing upward pressures in the domestic renewable energy automobile market
ZH_REF: “四川造”新能源汽车逆势上行财政补贴力度减弱、充电设施普及率不高、三元锂电池暂停在新能源客车上使用，面对国内新能源汽车市场当前的上行压力
ZH_HYP: “在四川的可再生能源汽车市场上的的,,可再生能源汽车的的,财政补贴、充电设施和可再生能源汽车停电池的情况下,面临的普遍上升压力

EN: At present, the domestic renewable energy automobile market is temporarily under pressure because of weakening fiscal subsidies, inadequate charging facilities, and ternary lithium batteries being suspended from use in renewable energy passenger vehicles.
ZH_REF: 当前，随着新能源汽车财政补贴力度减弱、充电设施普及率不高、三元锂电池暂停在新能源客车上使用，国内新能源汽车市场出现暂时的上行压力。
ZH_HYP: 目前,国内可再生能源汽车市场暂时处于压力之下,因为财政补贴、收费设施不足,以及可再生能源客车被停用。

EN: However, “Made in Sichuan” renewable energy vehicles rose against the tide, and have made major forays into the passenger and commercial vehicle sub-markets. Why so confident?
ZH_REF: 然而，“四川造”新能源汽车却逆势上行，大举进军乘用车和商用车细分市场，底气何在？
ZH_HYP: 然而,“在四川制造的可再生能源车辆”的涨潮,并将主要成为客车和商用车次级市场的主要原因。

EN: Staff reporter Zhao Zeyu. Current situation: Focus on developing “top students” “Made In Sichuan” renewable energy vehicles have dominated the news lately.
ZH_REF: 本报记者赵泽宇现状：集中力量培育“尖子生”近期，“四川造”新能源汽车产业新闻不断。
ZH_HYP: 赵zeyu.目前的形势:重点是发展“四川”的“”,可再生能源汽车最近的发展。

EN: It is worth mentioning that under circumstances where the rate of growth of the enterprise wage guidelines this year was mainly flat or down, the minimum threshold in Beijing and Guizhou was raised.
ZH_REF: 值得一提的是，在今年的企业工资指导线涨幅多为持平或下降的情况下，北京和贵州的下线有所提高。
ZH_HYP: 值得一提的是,今年企业工资准则的增长主要是平坦的,,在北京和贵州的最低起码门槛。

EN: UK Sport is responsible for allocating funds to the various Olympic events, and for setting the medal targets for each event.
ZH_REF: 英国体育理事会负责各个奥运会项目资金的划拨，当然也负责给各个项目下达夺牌目标。
ZH_HYP: 英国体育负责为各种奥林匹克活动拨付资金,并负责为每项活动设定奖牌。

EN: It is predicted that events UK athletes have hopes of winning a medal are snowboarding, curling, skeleton and short track speed skating.
ZH_REF: 据推算，英国运动员有希望冲击奖牌的项目来自单板滑雪、冰壶、钢架雪车和短道速滑等。
ZH_HYP: 据预测,英国运动员的比赛中,有希望获得奖牌的希望,是滑雪、冰、骨骼和短道速滑。

EN: In the last Winter Olympic cycle, UK Sport has allocated a total of GBP32 million (approximately RMB280 million) to fund training for the Winter Olympic Game events, doubled that of the funding for the Sochi Winter Olympic cycle.
ZH_REF: 在过去一个冬奥会周期内，英国体育理事会为冬奥会项目划拨了总共3200万英镑（约合2.8亿元人民币）的训练经费，比索契冬奥会周期翻了一倍。
ZH_HYP: 在上一个冬季奥运会,英国体育已拨款3200万英镑(约合2.8亿人民币),为冬奥会的冬奥会提供了一倍,这为索契冬奥冬

EN: Most of the funding was sourced from the National Lottery, with the balance funded by the government.
ZH_REF: 这些钱大部分来自国家彩票，剩下的来自国家财政。
ZH_HYP: 大部分资金来自来自国家彩票,政府政府提供资金。

EN: The UK has pinned its hopes for the gold medal on two people - short track speed skater Elise Christie, a triple gold medalist at last year’s world championships, and Lizzy Yarnold, the previous skeleton Olympic champion.
ZH_REF: 英国夺金的希望主要寄托在两人身上，一个是去年世界短道速滑锦标赛三金得主爱丽丝·克里斯蒂，另外一个是上届的女子钢架雪车冠军利兹·亚诺德。
ZH_HYP: 英国在去年的锦标赛上的金牌的金牌的金牌的选手埃丽丝·克里斯蒂(elisisie)和前届骷髅冠军丽萃·亚诺德(liz

EN: At the Sochi Winter Olympics in 2014, Team GB won one gold, one silver and two bronzes, the best tally since the inaugural Winter Olympics in 1924.
ZH_REF: 2014年索契冬奥会，英国代表团取得了1金1银2铜的战绩，这是自1924年首届冬奥会之后，他们取得的最好战绩。
ZH_HYP: 在2014年索契冬奥运会上,小组小组赢得了一个金、一银牌和两个铜牌,这是1924年成立冬奥运会以来最棒的。

